Sample 0 Report:
Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bilateral nodular opacities that most likely represent nipple shadows. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Clips project over the left lung, potentially within the breast. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Chronic deformity of the posterior left sixth and seventh ribs are noted.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Multiple clips are again seen projecting over the left breast. Remote left-sided rib fractures are also re- demonstrated.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 2 Report:
Findings: Single frontal view of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Again seen are multiple clips projecting over the left breast and remote left-sided rib fractures. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 3 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contours are normal. Multiple surgical clips project over the left breast, and old left rib fractures are noted.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 4 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. The lungs are adequately aerated. There is a focal consolidation at the left lung base adjacent to the lateral hemidiaphragm. There is mild vascular engorgement. There is bilateral apical pleural thickening. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is remarkable for aortic arch calcifications. The heart is top normal in size.
Impression: Focal consolidation at the left lung base, possibly representing aspiration or pneumonia. Central vascular engorgement.assistant

Sample 5 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Lung volumes are somewhat low. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 6 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes remain low. There are innumerable bilateral scattered small pulmonary nodules which are better demonstrated on recent CT. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is stable. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unchanged. Small pleural effusion in the right middle fissure is new. There is no new focal opacity to suggest pneumonia. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. Low lung volumes and mild pulmonary vascular congestion is unchanged. 2. New small right fissural pleural effusion. 3. No new focal opacities to suggest pneumonia.assistant

Sample 7 Report:
Findings: The lung volumes are low. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged, allowing for differences in technique. There are a number of round nodular densities projecting over each upper lung, but more numerous and discretely visualized in the left upper lobe, similar to prior study. However, in addition, there is a more hazy widespread opacity projecting over the left mid upper lung which could be compatible with a coinciding pneumonia. Pulmonary nodules in the left upper lobe are also not completely characterized on this study. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Post-operative changes are similar along the right chest wall.
Impression: Increasing left lung opacification which may reflect pneumonia superimposed on metastatic disease, although other etiologies such as lymphangitic pattern of metastatic spread could be considered. CT may be helpful to evaluate further if needed clinically.assistant

Sample 8 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are normal with mild aortic tortuosity. Post-surgical changes in the right hemithorax are stable including thickening of the pleura along the costal surface and blunting of the costophrenic sulcus. The right sixth rib surgical fracture is redemonstrated. There are no new lung nodules identified.
Impression: Stable chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 9 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. New nodular opacities are clustered within the left upper lobe, and to a lesser extent, within the right upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or left-sided pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Postsurgical changes are noted in the right chest with partial resection of the right 6th rib, lateral right pleural thickening and chronic blunting of the costophrenic sulcus.
Impression: New nodular opacities within both upper lobes, left greater than right. Findings are compatible with metastases, as was noted in the lung bases on the subsequent CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed later the same day.assistant

Sample 10 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. This results in crowding of the bronchovascular structures. There may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. The heart size is borderline enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are relatively unremarkable. Innumerable nodules are demonstrated in both lungs, more pronounced in the left upper and lower lung fields compatible with metastatic disease. No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen, with chronic elevation of right hemidiaphragm again seen. The patient is status post right lower lobectomy. Rib deformities within the right hemithorax is compatible with prior postsurgical changes.
Impression: Innumerable pulmonary metastases. Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Low lung volumes.assistant

Sample 11 Report:
Findings: Mild to moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. The aorta is calcified and diffusely tortuous. The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise similar in appearance. There is minimal upper zone vascular redistribution without overt pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. The osseous structures are diffusely demineralized.
Impression: No radiographic evidence for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 12 Report:
Findings: There is mild pulmonary edema with superimposed region of more confluent consolidation in the left upper lung. There are possible small bilateral pleural effusions. Moderate cardiomegaly is again seen as well as tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Mild pulmonary edema with superimposed left upper lung consolidation, potentially more confluent edema versus superimposed infection.assistant

Sample 13 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion, or edema. Cardiac silhouette is top normal. Descending thoracic aorta is tortuous with atherosclerotic calcification seen at the arch. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 14 Report:
Findings: Heart size remains mild to moderately enlarged. The aorta is tortuous and diffusely calcified. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unchanged. Previous pattern of mild pulmonary edema has essentially resolved. Mild atelectasis is seen in the lung bases without focal consolidation. Blunting of the costophrenic angles bilaterally suggests trace bilateral pleural effusions, not substantially changed in the interval. No pneumothorax is present.
Impression: Interval resolution of previously seen mild pulmonary edema with trace bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 15 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. The lungs are well aerated. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 16 Report:
Findings: Heart size is top normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable, with atherosclerotic calcifications noted throughout the thoracic aorta. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated. There is diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures with apparent ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 17 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. Each hilum is mildly prominent, probably suggesting mild prominence of central pulmonary vessels, but there is no frank congestive heart failure. No focal opacification is seen aside from streaky left lower lung opacity suggesting minor atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: Mild perihilar prominence, suspected to represent mildly prominent pulmonary vessels without definite pneumonia. Streaky left basilar opacification seen only on the frontal view is probably due to minor atelectasis or scarring.assistant

Sample 18 Report:
Findings: There is mild left base atelectasis seen on the frontal view without clear correlate on the lateral view. No definite focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The aorta is slightly tortuous. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. There is no overt pulmonary edema.
Impression: Mild left base atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 19 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is evidence of an unchanged PICC line placed over the right upper extremity. The tip appears to project over the azygous vein, at the level of the upper SVC. No complications, notably no pneumothorax. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette. Moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.assistant

Sample 20 Report:
Impression: No previous images. Nasogastric tube extends to the mid body of the stomach, be for coiling on itself so that the tip lies close to the esophagogastric junction. For more optimal positioning, the to would have to be pulled back almost 10 cm and then hopefully redirected toward the lower stomach. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.assistant

Sample 21 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Lung volumes are low with mild bibasilar atelectasis. No convincing signs of pneumonia or edema. No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Fluid level is noted within the stomach.
Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis. No signs of free air below the right hemidiaphragm.assistant

Sample 22 Report:
Findings: The right costophrenic angle is not imaged. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. The heart size is upper limits of normal. Enteric tube courses below the level of the diaphragm. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: An enteric tube courses below the level of the diaphragm.assistant

Sample 23 Report:
Findings: NG tube is coiled in the stomach. Right PICC in lower SVC is unchanged in position. Cardiac size is normal. Mild bibasilar opacities consistent with atelectasis, unchanged compared to chest radiograph performed earlier in the same day. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Impression: NG tube in expected position with tip coiled in the stomach. No other interval change since chest radiograph performed earlier on the same day.assistant

Sample 24 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Mild basal atelectasis noted. Hilar congestion noted without frank edema. No large effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contour is unchanged. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: Hilar congestion without frank edema. No convincing signs of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 25 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. There is mild basilar atelectasis without evidence of focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is minimal biapical pleural thickening. Cardiac silhouette is top normal with likely adjacent epicardial fat pad. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. Some degenerative changes are seen along the spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 26 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear without consolidation. Biapical scarring is again noted, worse on the right. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 27 Report:
Impression: The endotracheal tube tip is 6 cm above the carina. Nasogastric tube tip is beyond the GE junction and off the edge of the film. A left central line is present in the tip is in the mid SVC. A pacemaker is noted on the right in the lead projects over the right ventricle. There is probable scarring in both lung apices. There are no new areas of consolidation. There is upper zone redistribution and cardiomegaly suggesting pulmonary venous hypertension. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 28 Report:
Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph. The lungs are relatively well expanded without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size with tortuous aortic contour.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 29 Report:
Findings: Relative increase in opacity over the lung bases bilaterally is felt due to overlying soft tissue rather than consolidation or pleural effusion. Lateral view may be helpful for confirmation. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No overt pulmonary edema is seen
Impression: Relative increase in opacity over the lung bases bilaterally felt due to overlying soft tissue rather than consolidation. Lateral view may be helpful for confirmation.assistant

Sample 30 Report:
Findings: Mild basilar atelectasis is seen without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: Mild basilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 31 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest show hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm, consistent with emphysema. Asymmetric opacity in the right middle lobe is concerning for pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits aside from a tortuous aorta.
Impression: Right middle lobe opacity concerning for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 32 Report:
Impression: There is hyperinflation. There is no pneumothorax, effusion, consolidation or CHF. There is probable osteopenia.assistant

Sample 33 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion or edema. Biapical scarring, worse on the right is again noted. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 34 Report:
Findings: Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms are unchanged. Previously described right tracheal deviation is not seen on the current study. Unchanged bilateral apical bronchial thickening. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. The cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. Stable descending tortuous aorta.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, without consolidation or evidence of CHF.assistant

Sample 35 Report:
Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. There is mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. There is mild bibasilar atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Focus of air seen under the right hemidiaphragm, likely represents colonic interposition.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 36 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Lungs are hyperinflated though clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 37 Report:
Findings: Mild to moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. The aorta remains tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise similar. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Lungs are hyperinflated. Apart from minimal atelectasis in the lung bases and biapical scarring in the lung apices, more pronounced on the right, the lungs are clear.No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 38 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views the chest provided. Biapical pleural parenchymal scarring noted. No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. No effusion or pneumothorax. No signs of congestion or edema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with an unfolded thoracic aorta and top-normal heart size. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: No acute findings. Top-normal heart size.assistant

Sample 39 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Again noted is a tortuous aorta.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 40 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The aorta is tortuous. There is bilateral apical bronchial thickening, as before. Lung volumes are lower on the current study. Focal opacity involving the right lower lobe could represent an area of atelectasis or infection. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Subtle opacity in the right lower lobe could represent atelectasis or infection in the appropriate setting.assistant

Sample 41 Report:
Findings: With exception of mild bibasilar atelectasis, the lungs are normally expanded without focal opacity to suggest pneumonia. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The aorta is unfolded and tortuous.
Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis. No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 42 Report:
Findings: Again seen is biapical scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 43 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 44 Report:
Findings: The lungs are grossly clear. There is no focal consolidation, large effusion or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 45 Report:
Findings: The cardiac silhouette is normal in size. The hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. There is mild bibasilar atelectasis. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 46 Report:
Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 47 Report:
Findings: Reticular opacities at the lung bases bilaterally likely represent mild atelectasis. There is mild biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. No evidence of pneumonia, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 48 Report:
Impression: In comparison to previous radiograph of 1 day earlier, support and monitoring devices are unchanged in position. Pulmonary vascular congestion has improved. Airspace opacity at the left lung base has worsened, and additional patchy opacities have developed at the right lung base. Findings could potentially be due to aspiration or evolving aspiration pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. Exam is otherwise remarkable for probable small bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 49 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear without confluent consolidation or effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 50 Report:
Impression: Heart size is normal. This ascending aorta is unchanged. Lungs are essentially clear except for chronic interstitial changes bilaterally. The findings might be attributed to the provided history of COPD. If clinically warranted, correlation with cross-sectional imaging might be considered. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.assistant

Sample 51 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. There is persistent blunting of left costophrenic angle laterally suggestive of underlying scarring or pleural thickening. The lungs are otherwise clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips again noted.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 52 Report:
Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 53 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips again noted. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Pleural thickening likely accounts for the left CP angle blunting, stable from prior. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Calcified gallstones are partially imaged in the upper abdomen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. If there is strong concern for rib fracture, a dedicated rib series may be performed.assistant

Sample 54 Report:
Findings: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, the left chest tube has been removed and there is no evidence of pneumothorax. Otherwise, little change.assistant

Sample 55 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate bilateral pleural effusions, which make evaluation of the cardiomediastinal silhouette difficulty. These effusions are large on the right and small on the left. There is no definite focal consolidation, although evaluation is limited secondary to these effusions. No pneumothorax is appreciated. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions, large on the right and small on the left. No definite focal consolidation identified, although evaluation is limited secondary to these effusions.assistant

Sample 56 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No evidence of pneumomediastinum is seen. There is no evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 57 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation,, or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 58 Report:
Findings: A single portable semi-erect chest radiograph was obtained. Small left and moderate layering right pleural effusions have increased in size since the preceding day's exam. The right middle lobe pnemonia seen on recent CT is not clearly differentiated, but the right heart border is obscured. Left basilar atelectasis is stable. No new focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present. Hila remain indistinct. A left-sided PICC line tip remains in the upper SVC.
Impression: Interval increase inmoderate to large right and small left pleural effusions. Persistent right basilar pneumonia.assistant

Sample 59 Report:
Findings: A single portable semi-erect chest radiograph is obtained. There is no significant change in the middle and lower lobe pneumonia, better appreciated on recent CT. There is no increased pulmonary edema, new consolidation, or pneumothorax. Layering left pleural effusion has gotten slightly bigger. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged.
Impression: No significant change in right middle and lower lobe pneumonia. Small increase in left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 60 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were performed. The lung volumes are low which results in vascular crowding. However, despite this, there appear to be bibasilar, right greater than left, nodular opacities and interstitial thickening. There is likely a small right pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. There is no pneumothorax. There are no suspicious osseous lesions. Multiple dilated loops of small bowel are present.
Impression: 1. Bibasilar opacities would be consistent with pneumonia and/or aspiration in the right clinical setting. Likely some component of pulmonary edema given the interstitial thickening. 2. Multiple dilated loops of small bowel may represent ileus or obstruction. Dedicated abdominal radiograph may be performed for better characterization.assistant

Sample 61 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged. The lungs are hyperinflated. There is no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Mildly exaggerated kyphotic curvature and suspected demineralization are noted.
Impression: Hyperinflation. No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 62 Report:
Impression: 1. Endotracheal tube has been withdrawn, now lying approximately 5 cm from the carina. 2. Unchanged positioning of the orogastric tube with tip at the gastroesophageal junction and side port in the distal esophagus. This should be advanced for appropriate positioning. 3. Bilateral pleural effusions, moderate to large on the right and small on the left with bibasilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 63 Report:
Findings: Distal tip of the Dobbhoff is now in the fundus of the stomach. This could be advanced an additional 5 cm for more optimal placement. There are unchanged bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. A pleural catheter is seen at the right base. There are no pneumothoraces identified.assistant

Sample 64 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are constant. Constant extent and distribution of the known left pleural effusion with mild to moderate retrocardiac and basal atelectasis. On the right, the pleural drain is in unchanged position and there is no evidence of a larger pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Unchanged size of the heart.assistant

Sample 65 Report:
Findings: A single portable chest radiograph is obtained. Endotracheal and enteric tubes have been removed. A right internal jugular catheter tip terminates in the right atrium. A right pleural drain remains in the right base. A tiny right effusion and small left effusion are visualized. Cardiac contours are unchanged. No consolidation, pneumothorax or nodules present. A left-sided PICC line tip terminates in the left brachiocephalic vein.
Impression: Unchanged appearance of small bilateral pleural effusions status post extubation.assistant

Sample 66 Report:
Impression: Large right and moderate left pleural effusions as above.assistant

Sample 67 Report:
Findings: Frontal supine view of the chest was obtained. The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours. The right hemithorax demontrates increased opacity, compatible with a moderate-to-large size layering pleural effusion. A small left pleural effusion is also present. No pneumothorax is seen. A right PICC line terminates in the axilla. Endotracheal tube terminates 1.8 cm above the carina. A Dobbhoff feeding tube and a gastric tube terminate below the diaphragm. The sidehole of the gastric tube is positioned in the distal esophagus.
Impression: 1. Bilateral pleural effusion, right greater than left. Underlying consolidation cannot be completely excluded. 2. Endotracheal tube terminates 1.8 cm above the carina. Recommend repositioning. 3. NG tube terminates in stomach with sidehole in distal esophagus. 3. Right PICC terminates in the axilla.assistant

Sample 68 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips again noted. Suture is again noted in the right lower lung with adjacent rib resection. There is mild scarring in the right lower lung as on prior. There is no focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. No signs of congestion or edema. The heart remains moderately enlarged. The mediastinal contour is stable.
Impression: Postsurgical changes in the right hemi thorax. Mild cardiomegaly unchanged. No edema or pneumonia.assistant

Sample 69 Report:
Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged with a left ventricular configuration. There is mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is a small eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. The lungs appear clear. Mild degenerative changes are similar along the visualized thoracic spine. Right breast is absent.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 70 Report:
Findings: Mild thoracic scoliosis with subsequent asymmetry of the rib cage. The lung volumes are normal. Normal appearance of the cardiac silhouette. No pleural effusions, no pneumothorax. No lung parenchymal abnormalities such as pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.assistant

Sample 71 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating clear well-expanded lungs. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 72 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views the chest were provided. Mild left basal atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. No signs of pneumonia or edema. No large effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: 1. Mild left basal atelectasis. Otherwise unremarkable. 2. No definite displaced rib fracture though if there is continued concern dedicated rib series may be performed to further assess.assistant

Sample 73 Report:
Findings: Allowing for differences in technique and projection, there has been little interval change in the appearance of the chest since the previous radiograph, with no new focal areas of consolidation to suggest the presence of pneumonia. Multifocal linear areas of scarring appear unchanged, previously attributed to sarcoidosis. Band-like opacity at periphery of left lung base has slightly worsened and is attributed to localize atelectasis.assistant

Sample 74 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have slightly decreased. There is minimal fluid overload in both the vascular and interstitial compartment. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No pleural effusions. No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 75 Report:
Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained. Free air is present underneath both hemidiaphragms. Lung volumes are low. The vascular pedicle is widened and there is slightly increased rightward shift of the trachea, which may be projectional. Multi focal ill-defined lung opacities are similar to prior and consistent with history of sarcoidosis although superimposed infection cannot be excluded. No pneumothorax or substantial pleural effusion. Chain sutures in the right mid lung are similar to prior.
Impression: 1. Pneumoperitoneum. 2. Widening of the vascular pedicle may be related to low lung volumes and intravascular volume status.assistant

Sample 76 Report:
Findings: The lung volumes are low. The lungs are clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The aorta is unfolded. The heart size is normal.
Impression: Clear lungs.assistant

Sample 77 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are obtained. There is a mild pectus deformity noted on the lateral view. The lungs appear well expanded without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. No definite signs of CHF. The heart size appears slightly prominent, but this could be due to the aforementioned pectus excavatum deformity. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Clips in the right upper quadrant noted.
Impression: Pectus excavatum deformity likely accounting for top normal heart size. Otherwise, unremarkable.assistant

Sample 78 Report:
Impression: Since a recent radiograph from earlier the same date, a right thoracentesis has been performed, with development of a right pneumothorax, with small apical and moderate basilar components. Right chest tube has also been inserted in the interval. Moderate left pleural effusion persists with adjacent slight improved aeration at the left lung base. No other relevant changes.assistant

Sample 79 Report:
Impression: Large left pleural effusion has not changed over several days. Small to moderate residual right pleural effusion is also stable, despite the right thoracostomy tube. Tiny right apical pneumothorax is resolving. Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is stable, but pulmonary edema if present is mild. Persistent bibasilar atelectasis is substantial, left greater than right. Feeding tube is looped many times in the left upper quadrant, but it could be entirely in the stomach. Right subclavian central venous infusion catheter ends in the upper right atrium. Left PIC line ends in the mid SVC.assistant

Sample 80 Report:
Impression: Support lines and tubes are unchanged in position. Heart size is prominent but stable. There are bilateral pleural effusions which are stable in size. The previously mentioned right apical pneumothorax is not well seen.assistant

Sample 81 Report:
Impression: As compared to prior radiograph of 1 day earlier, a right chest tube remains in place, with persistent small right apical pneumothorax. Previously present moderate right basilar pneumothorax component is now a hydro pneumothorax. No other relevant changes since recent study.assistant

Sample 82 Report:
Findings: Within the interim, the previously seen enteric tube has been removed. A new enteric tube with a weighted tip projects over the stomach. A right central venous catheter is unchanged in position. A right ureteral stent is incompletely imaged. The remainder of the study is not optimized for assessment of the chest and abdomen.
Impression: Dobhoff tube terminates within the stomach.assistant

Sample 83 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged coiling of the PICC line in the brachiocephalic vein. Correct position of the left internal jugular introduction sheet and of the right internal jugular vein catheter. No pneumothorax. Unchanged moderate bilateral pleural effusions, low lung volumes, moderate cardiomegaly and signs of mild pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 84 Report:
Impression: 3 radiographs are provided. On the film 3, the tip of the Dobbhoff catheter projects over the proximal parts of the stomach. The course of the device is unremarkable. No complications. Unchanged appearance of the lung parenchyma, the pleura and the heart.assistant

Sample 85 Report:
Findings: Compared with the prior radiograph there is mild worsening of pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal parenchymal opacities are identified. Moderate cardiomegaly is grossly stable, as are the mediastinal and hilar contours. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right-sided Port-A-Cath catheter ends in the right atrium.
Impression: Slight worsening of mild pulmonary vascular congestion in the setting of stable moderate cardiomegaly. No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 86 Report:
Impression: ET tube tip is 4.7 cm above the carinal. NG tube tip is 2 proximal, at the gastroesophageal junction and should be advanced. Right internal jugular line tip is in the right atrium. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is substantially increased potentially due to very low lung volumes with bibasal consolidations. Nodular opacity in the right lower lobe is not well seen on the previous examination, might represent summation of shadows and should be reassessed on subsequent imaging. The findings might in fact represent a combination of low lung volumes and mild pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 87 Report:
Impression: Large bilateral pleural effusions have increased. Pleural fluid obscures most of both lungs the left, but substantial atelectasis is of portable. Heart is at least moderately enlarged. Dilated mediastinal veins suggests elevated central venous pressure or volume or both. Right jugular line ends in the right atrium. Nasogastric drainage tube ends in the upper stomach. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 88 Report:
Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the proximal right atrium, unchanged. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are essentially clear with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left lung base. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 89 Report:
Findings: In comparison the chest radiograph obtained 1 day prior, there has been substantial interval increase in large, right greater than left, bilateral pleural effusions. Inflated lung parenchyma appears grossly clear, but is incompletely evaluated due to the substantial pleural effusions. With the chin flexed, the ET tube is 1 cm above the carina. A Dobhoff tube is unchanged in position, terminating in the mid stomach. A right-sided port is unchanged in position.
Impression: Substantially increased, large, bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 90 Report:
Impression: The nasogastric tube is coiled in the stomach, with the tip near the fundus. Left upper extremity PICC ends in the distal SVC. Right subclavian central venous line ends in the right atrium, unchanged.assistant

Sample 91 Report:
Findings: In comparison to the chest radiograph obtained 4 days prior, there has been interval placement of an ET tube, which terminates 3 cm above the carina. Moderate right pleural effusion is probably unchanged, taking into account changes in patient positioning. Increased, small left pleural effusion. Substantial bibasilar atelectasis. Moderate cardiomegaly with mild, unchanged pulmonary edema. An enteric tube terminates in the expected location the gastric body. A right-sided port/central venous catheter terminates in the right atrium.
Impression: ET tube is appropriately positioned. Moderate right and increased, small left pleural effusion. Mild, unchanged pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 92 Report:
Impression: Dobbhoff tube tip is in the stomach. Right central venous line tip is at the level of the right atrium. No change in large bilateral pleural effusions and vascular congestion demonstrated. Left PICC line tip is at the level of lower SVC.assistant

Sample 93 Report:
Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the proximal right atrium. Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are similar. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated. Partially imaged is a pigtail catheter overlying the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. No acute osseous abnormalities are detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 94 Report:
Impression: Support lines and tubes are unchanged in position. There is unchanged cardiomegaly. There are bilateral effusions, left greater than right. There is a persistent left retrocardiac opacity. There is a persistent small right apical pneumothorax, unchanged.assistant

Sample 95 Report:
Findings: A chest tube in similar position. Interval decrease in the right-sided pleural effusion which is now small. There is still fluid along the minor fissure and right lower lobe opacification. Moderate to large left pleural effusion and significant opacification of the left lung is unchanged. Feeding tube has been removed. Nasogastric tube is coiled in the stomach region. .
Impression: Interval decrease in the right-sided. Stable appearance of the left lung.assistant

Sample 96 Report:
Impression: Port-A-Cath catheter tip is at the level of the right ventricular outflow tract. The double tube has been removed. There is substantial distension of the stomach that might potentially benefit from the NG tube insertion. What appears to be a E ureteral stent is partially imaged. Bilateral pleural effusions, right more than left are present. Vascular congestion is noted, borderline with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 97 Report:
Impression: Nasogastric tube ends in the region of the GE junction, and should be advanced prior to use. Left upper extremity PICC has been repositioned, and ends in the distal SVC. Right subclavian central venous line ends in the right atrium, unchanged. Have compared to the previous study there is no change in mild interstitial pulmonary edema and large bilateral pleural effusions and bibasal consolidations.assistant

Sample 98 Report:
Impression: ET tube tip is 4.3 cm above the carinal. Double tube tip is in the stomach. Right Port-A-Cath tip is at the proximal right atrium, unchanged There is no change in large bilateral pleural effusions and perihilar opacities. No appreciable pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 99 Report:
Findings: A Port-A-Cath again terminates in the right atrium. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable including mild cardiomegaly and mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 100 Report:
Impression: Moderate, unchanged cardiomegaly. No edema.assistant

Sample 101 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Partially imaged hardware in the lumbar spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 102 Report:
Findings: No evidence of consolidation to suggest pneumonia is seen. There is some retrocardiac atelectasis. A small left pleural effusion may be present. No pneumothorax is seen. No pulmonary edema. A right granuloma is unchanged. The heart is mildly enlarged, unchanged. There is tortuosity of the aorta.assistant

Sample 103 Report:
Findings: There are moderate bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis, underlying consolidation not excluded. Mild prominence of the interstitial markings suggests mild pulmonary edema. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal contours are unremarkable. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions, cardiomegaly and mild edema suggest fluid overload, however, given the clinical history, underlying consolidation due to pneumonia cannot be excluded at the lung bases.assistant

Sample 104 Report:
Findings: Moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions are again seen, likely right greater than left. There is suspected superimposed pulmonary edema may have slightly improved since prior although detailed evaluation is limited given layering pleural effusions. Vasculature appears less engorged. Cardiac silhouette cannot be assessed.
Impression: Mild to large bilateral, right greater than left pleural effusions. Degree of pulmonary edema may have slightly improved since prior exam although detailed evaluation is limited.assistant

Sample 105 Report:
Findings: Heart size is difficult to assess given the presence of moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions, but appears at least moderately enlarged. The mediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. Perihilar haziness with vascular indistinctness and diffuse alveolar opacities are compatible with moderate pulmonary edema. Bibasilar compressive atelectasis is demonstrated. No pneumothorax is seen. Moderate multilevel degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine.
Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema with moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 106 Report:
Findings: The bilateral pleural effusions, lower lobe volume loss, and dense lower lobe opacity compatible with a combination of volume loss/infiltrate/effusion. The heart continues to be moderately enlarged. There is mild vascular redistribution.
Impression: CHF, slightly worse than on the prior study.assistant

Sample 107 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. Size of the bilateral effusions, left greater than right has slightly decreased in size since prior exam. There is less pulmonary vascular congestion on the current exam as well. Cardiac silhouette which appears enlarged, is unchanged. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.
Impression: Persistent small bilateral effusions, larger on the left which have decreased in size. Decreased pulmonary vascular congestion. No evidence of superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 108 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the study of scratch then no previous images. Low lung volumes accentuate the enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Indistinctness of engorged pulmonary vessels most likely reflects elevation of pulmonary venous pressure. No definite acute focal pneumonia, though the retrocardiac area is difficult to assess in the absence of a lateral view.assistant

Sample 109 Report:
Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Left-sided AICD is noted with single lead terminating in the right ventricle. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities are detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 110 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. No lobar consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing signs of pneumonia. The heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No definite signs of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 111 Report:
Findings: An ET tube is seen with distal tip projecting 6 cm above the carina, in appropriate position. An enteric tube is seen coursing inferiorly, with distal tip projecting over the expected position of stomach fundus. There are low lung volumes. A widened mediastinum may reflect low lung volumes and supine positioning. Pulmonary vascular engorgement and diffuse airspace opacities likely relates to pulmonary vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema in the setting of volume resuscitation. Linear opacities in the bilateral lower lungs likely represents bibasilar atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Impression: 1. Widened mediastinum may reflect low lung volumes and supine positioning, however mediastinal great vessel injury cannot be excluded. If concern exists, recommend chest CTA. 2. Pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild pulmonary edema. 3. Bibasilar atelectasis. 4. ET tube with tip 6 cm above carina. Enteric tube with tip projecting over stomach fundus.assistant

Sample 112 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this day, there has been placement of a left IJ catheter extends to the mid to lower portion of the SVC. Right IJ catheter extends to the upper portion of the SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax or other change.assistant

Sample 113 Report:
Findings: Lines and tubes are grossly unchanged. The NG to cannot be traced through the lower most mediastinum due to underpenetration. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Extensive interstitial and alveolar opacity use in both lungs appear more confluent . Small effusions would be difficult to exclude. No pneumothorax detected.
Impression: Progression of bilateral opacities, now more confluent, particularly on the left. suggesting progression of alveolar edema. In the appropriate clinical setting, underlying infectious infiltrate would be difficult to exclude.assistant

Sample 114 Report:
Findings: The endotracheal tube is positioned high, approximately 7 cm from the carina. An enteric tube courses below the diaphragm with the tip out of the field of view. The lung volumes are low. Bibasilar atelectasis is unchanged. Since the prior exam, there has been a slight interval worsening of the vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema. There is no opacity to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Widening of the mediastinal contours is unchanged, and likely due to mediastinal fat, as seen on the prior CT. The heart appears slightly larger.
Impression: 1. Slight interval worsening of vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema. Additionally, the heart appears slightly larger. 2. High position of the endotracheal tube, 7 cm from the carina. Advance 2-3 cm for more secure placement.assistant

Sample 115 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior study, the right IJ line may have been exchanged. The tip overlies the proximal SVC. The ET tube, left IJ line and NG type tube appear unchanged. No pneumothorax is detected. There is some new subtle confluent opacity in the right perihilar region. Otherwise, I doubt significant interval change. Prominent cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Upper zone redistribution and diffuse vascular blurring is similar to the prior film, allowing for technique. Increased retrocardiac density with air bronchograms is also unchanged. No gross effusion.
Impression: Subtle new confluent opacity in the right perihilar region,? related to subtle progression of CHF findings. Otherwise, I doubt significant interval change. Attention to this area on followup films is requested.assistant

Sample 116 Report:
Findings: Subtle streaky opacity in the left lower lobe may reflect atelectasis, though infection cannot be entirely excluded. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no central vascular congestion or overt pulmonary edema. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Heart size is normal.
Impression: Streaky left lobe opacity may reflect atelectasis, though infection cannot be entirely excluded. Recommend correlation with physical exam and laboratory data.assistant

Sample 117 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, all monitoring and support devices have been removed. Bilateral pleural effusions of mild-to-moderate extent persist. Their extent is better visualized on the lateral than on the frontal image. No pneumothorax. Normal post-operative alignment of the sternal wires. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Mild retrocardiac atelectasis. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 118 Report:
Findings: Scoliosis of the thoracic spine and consequent asymmetry in the rib spaces. The compression fracture in the thoracic vertebral body is stable. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. , no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. No pneumonia
Impression: Chronic scoliosis and stable compression fracture of a thoracic vertebra. Otherwise normal chest radiograph. No evidence pneumonia.assistant

Sample 119 Report:
Findings: The lung volumes are normal. No pleural effusions. No parenchymal abnormalities. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 120 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 121 Report:
Findings: Numerous nodular opacities compatible the patient's metastatic disease are again appreciated. In addition, there is worsening pulmonary edema as well as a worsening right lower lobe infiltrate which could represent pneumonia in the correct clinical setting. A right pleural effusion is also increased in size.
Impression: Worsening combination of pleural effusion, pulmonary edema and possibly pneumonia particularly in the right lower lobe.assistant

Sample 122 Report:
Impression: There is no clear radiographic change over the past 11 days. Bilateral pleural effusions moderate on the right small on the left and callus pulmonary nodules are unchanged. Extent of central adenopathy is better revealed by the chest CT scan. Confluent opacification at the base of the right lung is probably atelectasis, pleural mild pneumonia is difficult to exclude. In all other locations there no findings that would raise the possibility of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 123 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without infiltrate. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. There is minimal right CP angle blunting compatible with either a tiny effusion or is small amount of pleural thickening the bony thorax appears normal
Impression: Blunting of the right CP angle otherwise normal chest.assistant

Sample 124 Report:
Findings: Semi-upright portable view of the chest demonstrates small right apical pneumothorax, which has decreased in size since study obtained four hours prior. No appreciable left pneumothorax. Subcutaneous gas of the chest wall is unchanged. Low lung volumes. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged. Heart size is normal. Trace amount of free air is seen under the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: In comparison to study obtained four hours prior, there is interval decrease in right apical pneumothorax, now small.assistant

Sample 125 Report:
Findings: Minimal right subdiaphragmatic air. Right apical pneumothorax with a diameter of approximately 13 mm. No convincing evidence of a left pneumothorax. However, the left lung apex is equally hyperlucent. Bilateral cervical soft tissue air collections. No evidence of tension. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 126 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are normal. Small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions are unchanged since yesterday. Left retrocardiac opacity likely reflects atelectasis. There is no new worrisome pulmonary opacity. Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. As before the main pulmonary artery is enlarged. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. Stable small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary artery enlargement.assistant

Sample 127 Report:
Findings: No significant interval change. Bilateral small pleural effusions and adjacent atelectasis are overall unchanged. The heart is top-normal in size, unchanged. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, suggesting pulmonary hypertension. No demand, focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia, or pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. Stable bilateral small pleural effusions and atelectasis. 2. Enlarged pulmonary artery, suggesting pulmonary hypertension.assistant

Sample 128 Report:
Findings: The patient is rotated to the left. No definite focal consolidation is seen. There is persistent mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: Persistent mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 129 Report:
Findings: Compared with the prior study, a right-sided pleural effusion, with right basilar atelectasis is new. However, pulmonary edema has improved. The prior retrocardiac consolidation has also resolved, suggesting clearing of a mucous plug. Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. No pneumothorax. Interval removal of the NG tube.
Impression: Improved pulmonary edema, with improvement of a prior retrocardiac consolidation, suggesting clearing of a prior mucous plug.assistant

Sample 130 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube tip is slightly low lying, terminating approximately 2.3 cm from the carina. Two enteric tube tips terminate within the stomach. Heart size is borderline enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar. There is mild upper zone vascular redistribution, which suggests mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Additionally, there is a persistent small right pleural effusion with adjacent right basilar opacity, which may reflect atelectasis. Left lung is grossly clear, however, the left costophrenic angle is excluded from the field of view. No large pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: 1. Endotracheal tube tip slightly low lying, terminating approximately 2.3 cm from the carina. 2. 2 enteric tube tips within the stomach. 3. Persistent small right pleural effusion with patchy right basilar opacity, potentially atelectasis. 4. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. 5. No large pneumothorax identified on this supine limited exam.assistant

Sample 131 Report:
Impression: No comparison. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette. No pleural effusions. Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema. Minimal increase in radiodensity at the bases of the right medial lung. The change should be radiographically monitored within 24 hr to exclude developing pneumonia.assistant

Sample 132 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormality detected. Lack of fusion of the posterior elements of C7 and T1, congenital, is incidentally noted.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 133 Report:
Findings: Left-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the low SVC. Heart size is mildly enlarged, but decreased in size compared to the previous exam. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with tortuosity of thoracic aorta again noted. Also again noted is indentation upon the right aspect of the trachea at the thoracic inlet due to the presence of a large thyroid goiter, as seen on prior CT. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. A common bile duct stent is incompletely assessed.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality including no evidence for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 134 Report:
Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications are demonstrated at the aortic knob. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Apart from an unchanged calcified granuloma in the lateral right mid lung field, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormality is demonstrated.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 135 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. There is minimal left base atelectasis. A lateral right mid lung calcified granuloma is stable. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. The cardiac silhouette is top normal. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. Osteophytosis is seen along the lower thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 136 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Aorta is calcified and tortuous. No overt pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 137 Report:
Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is borderline enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormalities detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 138 Report:
Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.assistant

Sample 139 Report:
Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.assistant

Sample 140 Report:
Findings: The previously seen small left pneumothorax has resolved. The left sixth and seventh rib fractures are stable. No consolidation. The hila and pulmonary vasculature are normal. No pleural effusions. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
Impression: Resolution of pneumothorax. Unchanged left sixth and seventh rib fractures. No other acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 141 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum. The trachea is midline. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary pathology, specifically no evidence of pneumomediastinum.assistant

Sample 142 Report:
Findings: Single portable chest radiograph was provided. A nasogastric tube courses below the diaphragm and terminates within the stomach. A right PICC terminates at the mid SVC. Again seen is plate-like atelectasis at the right base. Retrocardiac and left basilar opacity is similar to the prior radiographs and may represent a combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis. The heart remains enlarged. There is no pneumothorax. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. The bones are intact.
Impression: 1. Nasogastric tube below the diaphragm, in the stomach. 2. Persistant right basilar and retrocardiac atelectasis with possible left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 143 Report:
Findings: Again seen is a right PICC line with tip terminating in the mid SVC. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours remain stable. There is improvement in the left basilar opacity. A small left pleural effusion persists. There is no right pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. A new right basilar opacity is present, likely atelectasis, although pneumonia cannot be excluded.
Impression: New right basilar opacity, which may represent pneumonia in the correct clinical setting. Improvement in left basilar opacity, with persistent small left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 144 Report:
Impression: Bilateral plate-like atelectasis, as above.assistant

Sample 145 Report:
Findings: A right-sided PICC terminates in the low SVC, unchanged from prior examination. An upper enteric tube passes through the stomach and into the duodenum out of view. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable. Plate-like atelectasis in the right middle lobe and lingula is unchanged compared to prior examination. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 146 Report:
Impression: AP view of the torso centered at the diaphragm: Loops of catheter projecting over the midline abdomen cannot be traced for patency. Dedicated abdominal imaging should be requested, whether conventional radiographs or CT imaging, if that becomes necessary. Moderately severe bibasilar atelectasis has worsened in both lungs. The upper lungs are clear. The heart size is normal. There is no obvious pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 147 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. Punctate granulomas in the right upper lobe are unchanged. There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with similar aortic tortuosity.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 148 Report:
Findings: The lung apices are not depicted. NG tube ends in the gastric antrum in appropriate position. The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Partially visualized abdomen shows normal bowel gas pattern.
Impression: Appropriately placed NG tube.assistant

Sample 149 Report:
Findings: There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. Heart size is normal. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. The aorta is unfolded.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 150 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are clear. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Hypertrophic changes are seen in the spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 151 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected. Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Aortic arch calcifications are seen.
Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 152 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low. This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which is likely top normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 153 Report:
Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Streaky left lower lobe opacity is present along with a small left pleural effusion. Right lung is clear. No pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.
Impression: Streaky left lower lobe opacity may reflect atelectasis, though infection is not completely excluded in the correct clinical setting. Trace left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 154 Report:
Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary markings are likely accentuated by lower lung volumes. There is no consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There are bilateral healed rib fractures and left clavicular healed rib fracture.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 155 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position. The heart size is within normal limits. No configurational abnormality is identified. Unremarkable appearance of thoracic aorta. No mediastinal abnormalities are present. The pulmonary vasculature is not congested and no signs of acute or chronic pulmonary infiltrates can be seen. The lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free from any fluid accumulation. No evidence of pneumothorax in the apical area. Skeletal structures of the thorax are characterized by multiple deformities in bilateral location.They have the appearance of healed rib fractures with callus formation and are located on the frontal view in the lateral aspect of ribs #4, 5, 6 and 7. On the left side, similar injuries exist, however, slightly less marked and involve again ribs #4 through 8. The kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine is unremarkable on the lateral view and there is no evidence of any vertebral body compression fracture. There is also evidence of an old fracture in mid portion of the left clavicle again with bridging callus. Our records do not include a previous chest examination available for comparison.
Impression: No evidence of cardiac enlargement, pulmonary congestion, or acute or chronic pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates. Appearance of bilateral old multiple rib fractures and left-sided clavicle fracture apparently of older date.assistant

Sample 156 Report:
Findings: Mild to moderate cardiomegaly is stable from the prior examination. There is a small to moderate left pleural effusion, decreased from the prior examination done at 08:37. There has been an interval decrease in adjacent left basal atelectasis. The right lung is clear. No evidence of pneumothorax. Marked thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis is unchanged.
Impression: Mild to moderate left pleural effusion is decreased in size from the prior exam has as is adjacent left basal atelectasis. No evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 157 Report:
Impression: There is persistent opacification within the left lower lobe and to a somewhat lesser extent at the right lung base. These findings would be consistent with aspiration or pneumonia. The heart remains enlarged. No pulmonary edema. Probable small layering left effusion. No evidence of pneumothorax. Marked thoracolumbar curvature.assistant

Sample 158 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest. There has been interval development of bibasilar opacities, which are concerning for a rapidly developing pneumonia versus alveolar hemorrhage. There appears to be a small left pleural effusion. There is no right pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
Impression: Short interval development of bibasilar opacities, which are concerning for a rapidly developing pneumonia versus alveolar hemorrhage.assistant

Sample 159 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Impression: No focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 160 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrating no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. The imaged osseous structures appear intact. No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 161 Report:
Findings: The lungs remain clear. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits for technique. There are no concerning bone findings. A right subclavian catheter is in place, as before, terminating at the level of the superior vena cava.
Impression: Unremarkable study.assistant

Sample 162 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate normal heart size. Confluent opacity in the left upper lobe posteriorly could represent aspiration. Peribronchial cuffing could represent mild peribronchial edema or chronic airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Left upper upper lobe consolidation, suspicious for aspiration given clinical history of recent aspiration event.assistant

Sample 163 Report:
Findings: Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged allowing for accentuation by low lung volumes and portable technique. This factor also accentuates the pulmonary vascularity. With this in mind, there is no evidence of congestive heart failure. No focal areas of consolidation are present within the lungs, and there are no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Ventriculoperitoneal shunt catheter is noted.assistant

Sample 164 Report:
Findings: Cardiac silhouette size remains mild to moderately enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with mild calcification of the aortic knob. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Apart from minimal atelectasis within the left lung base, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right VP shunt catheter is partially imaged. Fusion hardware within the thoracolumbar junction is also partially imaged.
Impression: Minimal left basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 165 Report:
Findings: There are persisting small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions with subjacent atelectasis as well as pulmonary vascular engorgement and mild interstitial septal thickening. The right infrahilar opacity is unchanged. There is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, unchanged. Calcification of the aortic arch is present.
Impression: Findings are suggestive of pulmonary edema. Persisting right infrahilar opacity.assistant

Sample 166 Report:
Findings: There are moderate bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis. The cardiac silhouette is mild to moderately enlarged. There is prominence of the bilateral central pulmonary vasculature worrisome for pulmonary edema. Right infrahilar opacity may be due to combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis, but underlying consolidation or other pulmonary lesion not excluded. Recommend follow-up chest imaging following acute episode/diuresis. The aorta is calcified.
Impression: Moderate bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis. Pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly. Constellation of findings suggest CHF. Right infrahilar opacity may be secondary to the above findings, but underlying consolidation or other pulmonary lesion not excluded. Recommend follow-up chest imaging after acute episode/ diuresis.assistant

Sample 167 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Aortic knob calcification is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 168 Report:
Findings: Lungs are clear. Cardiac silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, pneumonia or pulmonary edema. These are non-dedicated views of the ribs which demonstrate no evidence of acute fracture. If clinical concern remains, a dedicated series can be obtained. Mild height loss of a mid-thoracic vetebral body is unchanged.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 169 Report:
Findings: There has been interval removal of the endotracheal tube. The NG tube is seen in appropriate positioning coursing below the diaphragm with the tip and side hole overlying the stomach. There is a right PICC line terminating in the low SVC. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions are visualized.
Impression: 1. Interval removal of the endotracheal tube. 2. NG tube and right PICC line in appropriate positioning. 3. Apparent resolution of the small bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 170 Report:
Impression: ET tube tip is 5.5 cm above the carina. NG tube tip is in the stomach. Left retrocardiac consolidation is unchanged but no new focal consolidations present. Bilateral pleural effusions are noted.assistant

Sample 171 Report:
Impression: In comparison to prior radiograph from earlier the same date, a right pleural catheter is been placed, with apparent resolution of right pleural effusion and no definite. Exam is otherwise remarkable for development of retrocardiac atelectasis.assistant

Sample 172 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged in appearance. Hardware is unchanged. Right pleural effusion is small. There is no evidence of focal consolidation. Minimal right upper lobe atelectasis is unchanged.assistant

Sample 173 Report:
Impression: ET tube tip is 5.3 cm above the carinal. NG tube tip is in the stomach. Right pigtail catheter is in place. There is interval increase in right pleural effusion. There is also progression of vascular enlargement and left retrocardiac consolidation. .assistant

Sample 174 Report:
Impression: In comparison to prior radiograph of 1 day earlier, a left retrocardiac opacity has nearly resolved. Layering right pleural effusion has apparently decreased in size as well as a small left pleural effusion. No other relevant change.assistant

Sample 175 Report:
Findings: The patient is leaning to the left. Again seen is the pigtail catheter overlying the right lung base. Minimal blunting of the right costophrenic angle could represent a small right pleural effusion, but is not significantly changed. No large effusion or evidence of pneumothorax is identified. Hazy opacities are again seen in the right perihilar region and left base, non-specific, but compatible with atelectasis. No gross left effusion. Fixation hardware of the thoracic spine and partially imaged hardware of the lower cervical spine again noted. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is probably not significantly changed.
Impression: Possible minimal fluid at the right costophrenic angle, grossly unchanged. Otherwise, I doubt significant interval change.assistant

Sample 176 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hila contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 177 Report:
Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The right costophrenic angle is not fully included on the image. There is minor left basilar atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top normal with left ventricular configuration. The aortic knob is calcified. The aorta is slightly tortuous. No overt pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: Right costophrenic angle not fully included on the image. Top normal cardiac silhouette without pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 178 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Small biapical scarring is unchanged. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 179 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 180 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No displaced fracture is identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 181 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact with a scoliosis unchanged. . No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 182 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube is seen with tip in the right mainstem bronchus. Hazy right basilar opacity may be due to atelectasis. Left lung is grossly clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. Thoracolumbar S-shaped scoliosis is noted.
Impression: Right mainstem intubation.assistant

Sample 183 Report:
Impression: Diffuse bilateral multifocal consolidations have improved. Reflects improved component of pulmonary edema superimposed of multifocal pneumonia. Cardiac size is top-normal. ET tube is in standard position. There is no pneumothorax or enlarging pleural effusions. There is severe S-shaped scoliosis.assistant

Sample 184 Report:
Findings: Enteric tube tip is in the proximal stomach, new since prior. More prominent right basilar opacity and adjacent right pleural effusion. Otherwise stable.
Impression: Enteric tube tip in the proximal stomach.assistant

Sample 185 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube tip is now 2.5 cm above carina, has been pulled back since prior. Significant interval worsening of bilateral perihilar, lower lung opacities, with bronchovascular distribution, consider worsening pneumonia, aspiration or edema. Elevated right hemidiaphragm stable. Borderline heart size. Thoracolumbar curve.
Impression: Significant interval worsening, consider worsening pneumonia, aspiration or edema.assistant

Sample 186 Report:
Findings: Mild cardiomegaly with a left ventricular predominance is re- demonstrated. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Elevation the right hemidiaphragm is again noted with associated right basilar atelectasis. Retrocardiac patchy opacity may reflect atelectasis though infection is not excluded in the correct clinical setting. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected. S-shaped rotary scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is again noted.
Impression: Retrocardiac opacity, potentially atelectasis, though infection cannot be excluded in the correct clinical setting. Persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 187 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No fracture is identified. Vertebral body height is maintained.
Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. No evidence of a fracture.assistant

Sample 188 Report:
Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged. The aorta remains mildly tortuous but unchanged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected. Mild loss of height of a mid thoracic vertebral body is unchanged.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 189 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No rib fractures are identified. Surgical clips along the left upper paratracheal station are unchanged from prior exam. Compression deformity of a mid thoracic vertebral body is unchanged.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 190 Report:
Findings: The cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size. The pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable, with mild prominence of the mediastinal vessels, unchanged since the prior examination. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No definite consolidation is identified.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.assistant

Sample 191 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded. Two adjacent nodular opacities project along the upper aspect of the left ventricle on the lateral view. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or focal pneumonia. Azygous vein distension is present, with no evidence of left heart failure. No pneumothorax is identified.
Impression: Two adjacent nodular opacities along the upper aspect of the left ventricle seen on the lateral view, for which further evaluation is recommended with routine oblique radiographs.assistant

Sample 192 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Lung volumes are low limiting assessment. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with an unfolded thoracic aorta and top-normal heart size. No convincing signs of edema. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: No acute findings.assistant

Sample 193 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is top-normal in size. No acute fracture is seen. Surgical clips are noted left neck.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No acute fracture detected. If concern for rib fractures persists, dedicated rib radiographs can be obtained.assistant

Sample 194 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiomegaly is stable. Compared to most recent prior exam, there has been interval improvement in pulmonary edema. Sternal wires are again noted with fracture at the inferior most wire.
Impression: Stable cardiomegaly with interval decrease in pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 195 Report:
Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy. Fracture iodine inferior most sternal wire is again seen. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. There is no pulmonary edema.
Impression: No significant interval change.assistant

Sample 196 Report:
Impression: Status post median sternotomy with overall stable postoperative cardiac and mediastinal contours. Lungs remain well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 197 Report:
Findings: The patient is status post CABG with unchanged appearance of a fractured inferior median sternotomy wire. The heart is mildly enlarged. Lung volumes are low, with minimal central pulmonary vascular congestion and atelectasis at the lung bases. There is no appreciable lobar consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Impression: Mild cardiomegaly with minimal central pulmonary vascular congestion.assistant

Sample 198 Report:
Findings: Mild bibasilar atelectasis is noted without definite focal consolidation. No large pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Slight prominence of the hila suggest pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema.
Impression: Slight prominence of the hila suggest pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema. Basilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 199 Report:
Impression: Heart size is enlarged but unchanged. There is again seen mild prominence of the pulmonary interstitial markings suggestive of pulmonary edema, stable. Subsegmental atelectasis at the lung bases is also seen. There is no definite consolidation. No pneumothoraces are seen.assistant

Sample 200 Report:
Impression: Heart size is enlarged but stable. There is unchanged prominence of the pulmonary interstitial markings consistent with mild pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation or pneumothoraces are seen.assistant

Sample 201 Report:
Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly with increased pulmonary interstitial markings and pulmonary vascular congestion, consistent with interstitial pulmonary edema. There are bilateral mid and lower lung areas of streaky atelectasis. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions.
Impression: Findings consistent with interstitial pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 202 Report:
Findings: Lines and Tubes: None Lungs: The lungs are well inflated and demonstrate increased interstitial markings and haziness in bilateral mid and lower zones. Surgical sutures project over the left apex. Pleura: There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax Mediastinum: There is cardiomegaly and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Bony thorax: Unremarkable.
Impression: Increased interstitial markings and haziness in bilateral mid and lower zones likely a combination of interstitial process with underlying pulmonary edema. There is no lobar consolidation.assistant

Sample 203 Report:
Findings: A tracheostomy tube is seen projecting over the superior mediastinum. Interval development of right lower lobe opacities concerning for pneumonia. Residual opacity in the left lung base is slightly decreased from prior though may represent persistent pneumonia or aspiration. No large effusion is seen. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Right IJ central venous catheter is been removed.
Impression: Interval development of right lower lobe consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Persistent though decreased opacity in the left lung base may represent residual pneumonia/aspiration.assistant

Sample 204 Report:
Impression: Left lower lobe has collapsed again. Right lung is clear. Small left pleural effusion is presumed. Heart size normal unchanged. Feeding tube ends in the upper stomach.assistant

Sample 205 Report:
Findings: Bilateral moderate pleural effusion with compressive atelectasis is unchanged. There is no new lung consolidation. Pulmonary edema is mild to moderate. There is no pneumothorax. Surgical clip in left lower neck is stable. CONCLUSION: There is no significant change since prior exam. There is no new lung consolidation. Bilateral moderate pleural effusion with atelectasis is stable. It is impossible to exclude a superimposed infection or aspiration.assistant

Sample 206 Report:
Impression: Worsening failure, possible aspiration in the left mid zone.assistant

Sample 207 Report:
Findings: Single portable upright radiograph is provided. There is prominence of interstitial pulmonary vasculature and cephalization of vessels consistent with pulmonary edema. Previously seen consolidation at the right base has largely resolved; left basilar opacity has also improved. Again seen is moderate cardiomegaly, unchanged from prior exam. A left PICC terminates in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are intact.
Impression: 1. Findings suggesting mild pulmonary edema. 2. Improved but persistent lower lung opacities. 3. Left PICC in mid-SVC.assistant

Sample 208 Report:
Impression: Some improvement in failure. Bibasilar opacifications still present.assistant

Sample 209 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The aorta is tortuous as before. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 210 Report:
Findings: There is focal consolidation in the left lower lobe. Elsewhere, the lungs are clear. There is no effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Left lower lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia.assistant

Sample 211 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. The osseous structures are within normal limits.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 212 Report:
Findings: Heart is upper limits of normal in size. Mediastinal hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear except for linear bibasilar atelectasis and or scarring. Skeletal structures have been more fully assessed by recent skeletal survey of 1 day earlier.
Impression: Linear bibasilar atelectasis or scar. No evidenceassistant

Sample 213 Report:
Findings: A single portable AP semi-upright view of the chest was obtained. Heart is mildly enlarged. Calcifications are present in the aortic arch. Deviation of the trachea to the right is probably due to an enlarged thyroid. There are diffuse bilateral opacities with perihilar distribution and more prominent in the lower zone, consistent with moderate-to-severe pulmonary edema. Moderate bilateral pleural effusions are also present. The degree of pulmonary edema limits assessment for focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: Moderate-to-severe pulmonary edema and moderate bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 214 Report:
Findings: There is volume loss/ alveolar infiltrates in the lower lungs but overall the appearance is much improved compared to the study from 2 days ago. There small bilateral pleural effusions that are smaller compared to prior. There continues to be pulmonary vascular redistribution and moderate to severe cardiomegaly
Impression: Improvement in fluid status both pulmonary edema persist.assistant

Sample 215 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated, with flattening of the diaphragms.Bibasilar atelectasis is seen without focal consolidation. There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are grossly stable
Impression: Hyperinflated lungs. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 216 Report:
Findings: Minimal cortical step-off within the lower sternum is suspicious for a minimally displaced sternal fracture. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Linear and patchy opacities are seen in both lung bases, likely atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.
Impression: 1. Minimal cortical step-off involving the lower sternum is suspicious for a minimally displaced sternal fracture. 2. Bibasilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 217 Report:
Findings: Low lung volumes, no pleural effusions. No parenchymal abnormality, in particular no evidence of pneumonia. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema. No hilar or mediastinal abnormalities.assistant

Sample 218 Report:
Findings: Single AP upright portable view of the chest was obtained. There has been interval placement of a left-sided pacer device with a lead seen extending to the expected location of the right ventricle and the coronary sinus. There may also be a lead extending to the right ventricle, although this is not well seen on the current study. Right lower hemithorax opacity is seen which may be due to underlying subpulmonic effusion with overlying atelectasis, although underlying consolidation is not excluded. Findings may also be due to elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. If patient able, suggest dedicated PA and lateral views for better evaluation. There is prominence and indistinctness of the hila. The cardiac silhouette remains enlarged. Patient is status post median sternotomy.
Impression: Enlarged cardiac silhouette and engorged pulmonary hila with pulmonary vascular congestion may be due to CHF. Right lower hemithorax opacity could be due to pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis and/or consolidation, elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. If patient able, dedicated PA and lateral views would be helpful for further evaluation.assistant

Sample 219 Report:
Impression: AP chest compared to 5:52 a.m. Right pleural effusion, minimal if any. No pneumothorax. Substantial right basal atelectasis persists, moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular engorgement unchanged. Transvenous right atrial and left ventricular pacer and right ventricular pacer defibrillator leads unchanged in respective positions.assistant

Sample 220 Report:
Findings: As compared to previous radiograph, the right pleural effusion has decreased in extent and is now minimal. On the left, the blunting of the costophrenic sinus is unchanged. In the interval, the Swan-Ganz catheter has been removed and the patient has received a new PICC line. The tip of the line is difficult to visualize because of overlay with the pacemaker wires. However, it appears to project over the upper aspects of the right atrium and could be pulled back by 2 to 3 cm. Unchanged position of the left pectoral pacemaker, unchanged course of the pacemaker wires.assistant

Sample 221 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been intubated. The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 3 cm above the carinal. There is no evidence of complications. The external pacemaker is in correct position. The nasogastric tube shows a normal course, the tip projects over the pre-pyloric regions. Status post aortic valve replacement. No pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 222 Report:
Findings: Interval removal of the ETT, NGT, and temporary pacemaker. Interval placement of a left-sided two-lead intracardiac device, with one lead terminating in the right atrium and the other in the right ventricle. The aortic valve prosthesis appears unchanged. Bilateral low lung volumes and moderate bibasilar atelectasis. No pneumothorax, focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, or pleural effusion. Stable post-operative appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable scoliosis. Unchanged position of the right catheter sheath with the tip in the approximate upper SVC.
Impression: 1. Pacemaker leads in the right atrium and right ventricle. 2. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 223 Report:
Impression: In comparison with previous studies, there has been placement of a right IJ pacer that extends to the region of the apex of the right ventricle. Endotracheal tube remains in place and there is no significant change in the appearance of heart and lungs. Specifically, no evidence of post-procedure pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 224 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The endotracheal tube and the external pacemaker are in constant position. Lung volumes remain low. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette. Status post aortic valve replacement. No pulmonary edema. No larger pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 225 Report:
Findings: Pleural effusions are small, and have decreased slightly over the interval. Increased interstitial markings in the bilateral lungs is in keeping with the patient's history of interstitial lung disease and fibrosis. Persistent asymmetrical elevation of left hemidiaphragm with associated atelectasis at the left lower lobe is unchanged. The heart remains enlarged. The patient is status post median sternotomy.
Impression: Interval decrease in size of small bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 226 Report:
Impression: There has been worsening of the areas of consolidation and interstitial prominence throughout both lung fields. There are more confluent areas of consolidation in the perihilar regions and in the left base. No pneumothoraces are identified. Findings may relate to multifocal pneumonia as previously suspected; however superimposed pulmonary edema could also be present.assistant

Sample 227 Report:
Findings: The previously seen multifocal bibasilar airspace opacities have almost completely resolved with only slight scarring seen at the bases. There are new ill-defined bilateral linear opacities seen in the upper lobes, which given their slight retractile behavior are likely related to radiation fibrosis. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. Median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are noted.
Impression: 1. Interval resolution of multifocal airspace opacities. 2. New bilateral linear apical opacities, likely related to radiation treatment.assistant

Sample 228 Report:
Findings: There is a new focal opacity at the left lung base with elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Diffuse prominence of lung vasculature within upper zone predominance and prominence of interstitial markings likely represents pulmonary edema. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is difficult to assess due to parenchymal abnormalities. Median sternotomy wires are noted.
Impression: 1. New left lower zone opacity with elevation of the left hemidiaphragm likely atelectasis and/or pneumonia in the right clinical setting. 2. Cardiomegaly, bilateral small pleural effusions and diffuse interstitial lung marking prominence as well as prominence of upper lobe vessels compatible with pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 229 Report:
Impression: Cardiomegaly is substantial, minimally progressed since the prior study. There is interstitial progression as compared to the previous imaging that might potentially represent progression of the known interstitial lung disease but most likely superimposed interstitial pulmonary edema is a diagnosis. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 230 Report:
Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is normal. The aorta remains tortuous and demonstrates mild atherosclerotic calcifications diffusely. The lungs are hyperinflated with mild emphysematous changes again noted towards the apices. Increased interstitial markings along the periphery and lung bases is relatively similar compared to the previous exam, compatible with chronic changes. No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality including no evidence of pneumonia. Chronic interstitial changes at the lung bases. Emphysema.assistant

Sample 231 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are relatively low. There is a status post CABG with sternal wires in situ. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette, tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Areas of mild atelectasis are seen at both lung bases. No evidence of pneumonia and no pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 232 Report:
Impression: Lung volumes are lower, interstitial abnormality more pronounced, and small left pleural effusion has recurred. Overall findings suggest a component of cardiac decompensation in addition to extensive pulmonary fibrosis. I cannot be sure that the left pleural drainage catheter is still internal.assistant

Sample 233 Report:
Impression: There is again seen airspace opacities bilaterally with improved aeration at the right upper lobe. Moreover, there are bullous and emphysematous changes throughout both lung fields, better assessed on the prior CT scan. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Left-sided pleural effusion is again seen. There has been mild improvement of the pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 234 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A tortuous aorta is incidentally noted.
Impression: Unremarkable chest radiographic examination.assistant

Sample 235 Report:
Impression: 1. Lines and tubes in satisfactory position. 2. Diffuse patchy opacity throughout much of the left lung, question aspiration versus pneumonic infiltrate. 3. Focal opacity over right lung, not fully characterized. Further assessment with PA, lateral and shallow oblique chest x-rays when the patient is stable could help to further characterize this.assistant

Sample 236 Report:
Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated. Clips are noted within the right breast about a 7 mm nodular opacity, which appears to correlate with post treatment changes on the prior mammogram. Mild degenerative changes are seen within the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 237 Report:
Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The heart is again top-normal in size. A left pectoral pacemaker is seen with transvenous leads in the right atrium and right ventricle.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 238 Report:
Findings: The cardiac size is mildly enlarged. There is mild tortuosity of the descending aorta and atherosclerotic calcifications at the arch. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 239 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. The cardiac silhouette is unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal consolidation is identified.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality. Specifically, no evidence of edema.assistant

Sample 240 Report:
Findings: The lung volumes are low. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Minimal tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No evidence of acute lung disease, in particular no evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax, no pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 241 Report:
Findings: The heart is moderately enlarged. There is mild pulmonary vascular redistribution. There is no focal infiltrate or effusion.
Impression: no infiltrateassistant

Sample 242 Report:
Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy. No focal consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are slightly less prominent compared to the prior study, likely due to differences in technique..
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.assistant

Sample 243 Report:
Impression: ET tube tip is 4 cm above the carinal. NG tube tip is most likely in the stomach. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Lungs are overall clear. There is no pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 244 Report:
Impression: Widening mediastinum has improved. Vascular congestion has improved. Retrocardiac atelectasis have minimally increased. There is no pneumothorax. No other interval change from prior study.assistant

Sample 245 Report:
Impression: Lines and tubes are in standard position. Severe cardiomegaly is a stable. Widened mediastinum has improved. Aeration of the left lung has improved. Left pleural effusion has decreased. There is no pneumothorax. Sternal wires are alignedassistant

Sample 246 Report:
Impression: Severe cardiomegaly is unchanged. Left chest tube has been discontinued with no interval development of pneumothorax. Mild sternal lucencies unchanged. Sternal wires are unchanged. There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 247 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, the right chest tube has been removed. No evidence of pneumothorax. Remainder the study is essentially unchanged.assistant

Sample 248 Report:
Impression: There has been markedly interval increase in mediastinal widening due to bleeding. Small left effusion has increased. Retrocardiac opacities have increased. Lines and tubes in standard position No other interval change from prior study.assistant

Sample 249 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The size of the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Unchanged tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Status post prior median sternotomy.
Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 250 Report:
Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph. Surgical clips are now present over the left lateral aspect of the thorax from wound debridement and thoracotomy. Surgical drain is present in the soft tissues of the chest wall. A left pleural drain is now seen with decreased effusion relative to yesterday's CT. Pulmonary vascular congestion within the left lung likely represents a component of reexpansion pulmonary edema. The effusion layerings superior to the aortic know, also better seen on prior CT. There is no pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. The right lung is clear.
Impression: Small residual pleural effusion with a left pleural pigtail drain in place. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 251 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates 2.5 cm above the carina, Swan-Ganz catheter terminates in the region of the right ventricular outflow tract, and nasogastric tube terminates in the stomach. Left-sided chest tubes are in place with a small left apical pneumothorax. A localized area of increased opacity is present in the left supraaortic region at the site of recent surgical repair of a known aneurysm. Attention to this region on short-term follow up radiographs is recommended. Mild interstitial edema involves the left lung to a greater degree than the right, and note is also made of atelectasis in the left retrocardiac region as well as subcutaneous emphysema in the left chest wall.assistant

Sample 252 Report:
Findings: Portable single frontal chest radiograph was obtained with patient in semi upright position. There has been interval removal of the chest tube, ET tube, Swan-Ganz catheter, and NG tube. The left apical area is now filled with fluid. There are new bilateral pleural effusions with associated bibasilar atelectasis. Stable opacity is present in the left supra-aortic region at the site of recent surgery. The heart size is normal.
Impression: 1. New bilateral pleural effusions with associated bibasilar atelectasis. 2. Fluid in the left apical region after chest tube removal.assistant

Sample 253 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the malpositioned left PICC line has been pulled back. The tip of the line now projects over the axilla. Two chest tubes on the left are in situ. There also is a series of surgical clips projecting over the left chest wall. The extent of a basally and laterally distributed pleural effusion is constant. There is unchanged evidence of relatively extensive left basal atelectasis. The left hemithorax is unchanged in appearence. The right lung continues to be normal.assistant

Sample 254 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lung volumes are low. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. No free air is demonstrated under the diaphragms.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No free air under the diaphragms.assistant

Sample 255 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation.
Impression: Normal chest.assistant

Sample 256 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. There is subtle opacity at the left lung base laterally which partially obscures the left heart border with focal opacity confirmed on the lateral view. Blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles may be due to small effusions. Elsewhere, the lungs are clear. The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged. There is a 4 mm rounded density projecting over the left lung laterally which is likely calcified given density and could represent a calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Focal opacity within the lingula which certainly could be infection in the proper clinical setting. Probable small bilateral effusions. Patient was discharged from ED with diagnosis of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 257 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma projects over the left mid lung unchanged. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. A surgical anchor projects over the right humeral head. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 258 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. Left-sided pacemaker is unchanged in position. There are low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bibasilar atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. No pneumothorax is seen. No rib fractures identified.
Impression: No rib fracture or pneumothorax. Dedicated rib films at the site of pain and can be done to better assess for fracture.assistant

Sample 259 Report:
Impression: Pacemaker leads terminate in right atrium and right ventricle. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Bilateral basal interstitial opacities are similar to previous examination and most likely representing interstitial lung disease, potentially with fibrotic element. Further correlation with dedicated chest CT examination is recommended. Findings are unlikely to represent infectious process. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 260 Report:
Findings: Left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged. Minimal linear opacities are noted within the lung bases, likely reflective of subsegmental atelectasis or chronic interstitial abnormality. There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Minimal anterior wedging of a lower thoracic/upper lumbar vertebral body is unchanged.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 261 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low, similar to the prior exam. Bilateral blunting of the costophrenic angles are unchanged and may reflect pleural thickening and/or scarring, similar to the prior exam. No pleural effusion. No focal consolidation to suggest residual pneumonia. No pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size. The descending aorta is slightly tortuous or ectatic, unchanged, and may be secondary to levoconvex scoliosis. The mediastinum is not widened. The hila are unremarkable. The left-sided dual lead cardiac pacemaker device appears intact and unchanged in position with 1 lead in the right atrium and the other ending in the right ventricle. Degenerative changes in the visualized thoracic spine are unchanged.
Impression: No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 262 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable. There is moderate cardiomegaly. The pulmonary arteries are enlarged, this is better seen on prior CT. Bibasilar opacities have increased left greater than right. There is biapical scarring. Pacer leads are in standard position. . There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine and wedge-shaped deformities in the thoracolumbar region.
Impression: Worsening opacities in the lower lobes are worrisome for worsening interstitial lung disease could be acute exacerbation or superimposed pneumonia.assistant

Sample 263 Report:
Findings: Stable mild right sided tracheal deviation from left lobe thyroid enlargement as seen on CT chest. Lungs clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild stable chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are otherwise normal.
Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 264 Report:
Findings: Heart size is top normal with mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are grossly unremarkable.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 265 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinal contours appear stable. The bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute findings in the chest.assistant

Sample 266 Report:
Findings: Prior median sternotomy and mitral valve repair. No pulmonary edema. Asymmetric nodular opacity in the superior segment of the right lower lobe is again demonstrated, may reflect pulmonary infarct given the extensive pulmonary embolism. Small right-sided pleural effusion. Moderate cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax.
Impression: No pulmonary edema. Asymmetric right lower lobe superior segment opacity can be pulmonary infarct.assistant

Sample 267 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates hypoinflated lungs with crowding of vasculature. Right lung is clear. Heterogeneous opacity within the left lower lobe with elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is noted. No definite pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Top normal heart size is accentuated due to low lung volumes and patient positioning. Mediastinal contour and hila are otherwise unremarkable.
Impression: Subtle left lower lobe opacity could reflect pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 268 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Linear bibasilar opacities, more pronounced at the left lung base, are compatible with atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis. No focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 269 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes. There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Heart size is normal. There is no pulmonary edema. Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 270 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Mild degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 271 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are unchanged. The aorta remains tortuous. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 272 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. Cardiomediastinal silhouette grossly stable. A tortuous aorta is again seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal consolidation.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 273 Report:
Impression: There is hyperinflation. There is no pneumothorax, effusion, consolidation or CHF.assistant

Sample 274 Report:
Findings: No previous images. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.assistant

Sample 275 Report:
Findings: The patient is rotated. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unchanged. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is streaky left basilar opacity, most consistent with atelectasis. There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 276 Report:
Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged but unchanged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. There is a trace left pleural effusion, new compared to the previous study. No pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormalities are visualized.
Impression: Trace left pleural effusion, new from prior.assistant

Sample 277 Report:
Impression: Since the prior radiograph of several hr earlier, a nasogastric tube is been placed, terminating in the proximal stomach. Exam is otherwise remarkable for worsening left retrocardiac opacification. No other relevant change.assistant

Sample 278 Report:
Findings: Moderate cardiomegaly is stable. The mediastinum and pleura are unremarkable. Mild pulmonary edema is stable. Mild left lower lobe atelectasis persists. No focal consolidations or pneumothorax are seen.
Impression: Stable mild pulmonary edema and moderate cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 279 Report:
Findings: A moderate left and small right pleural effusion are grossly unchanged. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is overall unchanged. There is a background of mild pulmonary edema, similar to prior. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: Moderate left and small right pleural effusions. Background pulmonary edema, similar to prior.assistant

Sample 280 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube tip in good position. Left PICC line tip not well seen, likely near cavoatrial junction. T AVR. Pulmonary edema is mildly improved. Stable heart size, pulmonary vascularity since prior. Mildly improved bibasilar opacities. Improved pleural effusions. No definite pneumothorax.
Impression: Interval mild improvement. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 281 Report:
Findings: Enteric tube tip is in the mid stomach. Endotracheal tube tip 6 cm above carina. Left PICC line tip near cavoatrial junction. T AVR. Stable left lower lobe consolidation. Presumed mild left pleural effusion is stable. Increased left lingular opacity, atelectasis versus infiltrate. Borderline heart size, pulmonary vascularity, stable. Right costophrenic angle is not well seen. Distended bowel loops.
Impression: Feeding tube tip is in the mid stomach. Lingular atelectasis versus infiltrate.assistant

Sample 282 Report:
Findings: Small left pleural effusion, minimally decreased. Left basilar opacification, mildly improved. Improved right pleural effusion. Mildly improved pulmonary vascularity, basilar opacity. Stable postoperative changes. Right PICC line.
Impression: Interval improvement.assistant

Sample 283 Report:
Findings: The right hemidiaphragm is elevated. There is no consolidation, edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. In the bilateral acromioclavicular joints, there is joint space narrowing and osteophyte formation, likely degenerative.
Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Elevated right hemidiaphragm.assistant

Sample 284 Report:
Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate. Atelectasis or scarring at the right lung base is unchanged. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. There is kyphotic curvature of the spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 285 Report:
Findings: A right-sided PICC terminates at the SVC/brachiocephalic junction without evidence of pneumothorax. There are low lung volumes. Mild right base opacity may be due to atelectasis versus aspiration. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Midline tracheostomy noted.
Impression: Right sided PICC terminates at the SVC/brachiocephalic junction without evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 286 Report:
Findings: Inspiratory volumes are slightly low. A tracheostomy is again noted. Compared with the prior film, I doubt significant interval change. Again seen is patchy opacity at the right greater than left lung bases. The differential diagnosis includes pneumonic opacities, areas of aspiration pneumonitis (typically on the right), or severe atelectasis, though infectious infiltrates are suspected. No gross joint effusion.
Impression: Doubt significant change compared 1 day earlier.assistant

Sample 287 Report:
Findings: Tracheostomy tube is in stable position. Hazy right basilar opacity silhouetting the hemidiaphragm could be due to combination of layering effusion and atelectasis noting that infection is not excluded. Similarly left basilar opacity in the retrocardiac region on laterally could be atelectasis or infection. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.assistant

Sample 288 Report:
Findings: A tracheostomy tube is in place. There are low inspiratory volumes. Again seen are somewhat patchy densities at both lung bases. At the right base, the opacity is slightly more confluent. At the left base, there may be slightly improved aeration. Doubt overt CHF. No gross effusion. No pneumothorax detected. Prominent patchy osteopenia noted in both proximal humeri.
Impression: Bibasilar opacities are again seen, overall similar. Possible slight interval improvement at the left base. Patchy osteopenia in both humeri. Is the patient osteoporotic?assistant

Sample 289 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Right PICC line tip terminates at the level of superior SVC. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Tracheostomy is in unchanged position. No interval development of of new consolidations is seen except for persistent right basal opacity which most likely represents a combination of atelectasis and infection. There is small amount of pleural effusion bilaterally.assistant

Sample 290 Report:
Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes which results in bronchovascular crowding. There is bibasilar atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. No evidence of pulmonary edema.
Impression: 1. Bibasilar atelectasis. 2. No pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 291 Report:
Findings: The patient's overlying arm on the lateral view partially obscures the view and makes evaluation of the lateral view suboptimal. Left greater than right biapical scarring is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Multiple surgical clips are noted overlying the left hemi thorax and the left axilla. Difficult to assess for medial left clavicular injury, nondisplaced fracture not excluded.
Impression: The patient's overlying arm on the lateral view partially obscures the view and makes evaluation of the lateral view suboptimal. Left greater than right biapical scarring. Difficult to assess for medial left clavicular injury, nondisplaced fracture may be present.assistant

Sample 292 Report:
Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates at the junction of the SVC and right atrium. The heart size is normal. The aorta is mildly unfolded. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized. Several clips are seen in the left axilla.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 293 Report:
Findings: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 294 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. On the current image, the tip of the endotracheal tube projects approximately 6 cm above the carina. Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette. Retrocardiac atelectasis. Minimal right basal atelectasis but no convincing evidence of pneumonia. Mild fluid overload, no overt pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 295 Report:
Impression: 1. Nasogastric tube is again seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not identified. The heart is stably enlarged. Persistent retrocardiac consolidation and more patchy opacity at the right base remain and are concerning for atelectasis, aspiration or bibasilar pneumonia. Clinical correlation is advised. There is a layering left effusion. No pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 296 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are in correct position, except for the endotracheal tube that has been pulled back. The tube now projects approximately 5 cm above the carina with its tip. The patient is rotated. A pre-existing right parenchymal basal opacity therefore appears slightly more extensive than on the previous image. Blunting of the right costophrenic sinus might be artificial. Moderate cardiomegaly persists. Unchanged left lower lobe atelectasis.assistant

Sample 297 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is resolution of the pre-existing right basal atelectasis. Mild pleural effusion on the left, combined to substantial left lower lobe atelectasis. No pneumonia, no overt pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 298 Report:
Findings: Interval repositioning of Dobbhoff tube, now terminating in the stomach. Improving left retrocardiac atelectasis, and near resolution of patchy right basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no relevant change since the recent study performed about two hours earlier.assistant

Sample 299 Report:
Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. Trace pneumoperitoneum is within post surgical limits. The heart is mildly enlarged. The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. A retrocardiac left basilar opacity likely reflects atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. Tiny bilateral pleural effusions are present.
Impression: 1. Left retrocardiac opacity, likely representing atelectasis. Small consolidations in this area cannot be excluded. 2. Trace pneumoperitoneum, within post surgical limits. 3. Trace bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 300 Report:
Findings: A left-sided PICC line terminates at the mid SVC. An orogastric tube courses below the diaphragm, the tip projects over the gastric fundus. The heart is enlarged and stable. Again seen is elevated pulmonary venous pressure. Bibasilar consolidations are again seen, likely reflective of pleural effusion and atelectasis. In the appropriate clinical setting however superimposed pneumonia cannot be excluded.
Impression: 1. Left-sided PICC line terminates in the mid SVC. 2. Stable chest radiograph, bibasilar consolidations likely reflect pleural effusion and atelectasis. In the correct clinical setting however, superimposed pneumonia cannot be excluded.assistant

Sample 301 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged. There is again borderline cardiomegaly. Allowing for rotation as well as scoliosis, the cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are probably unchanged. There is similar mild relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There is no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. A PICC line terminates in the lower superior vena cava.
Impression: PICC line terminating in the lower superior vena cava. No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 302 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are unchanged. Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette. Unchanged bilateral pleural effusions. Unchanged mild-to-moderate fluid overload.assistant

Sample 303 Report:
Findings: Worsening left retrocardiac opacity, most likely due to atelectasis, although coexisting infectious consolidation is possible in the appropriate clinical setting. Otherwise, similar appearance of the chest compared to the previous radiograph performed several hours earlier.assistant

Sample 304 Report:
Impression: Esophageal drainage tube passes into the nondistended stomach and out of view. Since the patient is rotated to his left it is hard to say whether there is any mediastinal shift in that direction opacification of the left lower lobe is long-standing and suggests atelectasis as well. Mild edema and vascular congestion in the right lung earlier today has nearly cleared. Left jugular line ends close to the superior cavoatrial junction.assistant

Sample 305 Report:
Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph demonstrates new bibasilar interstial edema with mildly increased vascular congestion. No focal consolidation identified. There is opacification of the left hemidiaphragm concerning for atelectasis versus pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal contour is unchanged in appearance. An enteric tube is seen descending and an uncomplicated course, its terminal end out of view. Chronic deformed right clavicle redemonstrated.
Impression: Mild interstial edema and vascular congestion.assistant

Sample 306 Report:
Impression: Pulmonary edema has nearly resolved, with associated resolving right pleural effusion. Stable cardiomegaly, and small left pleural effusion with adjacent basilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 307 Report:
Findings: The patient remains intubated. The endotracheal tube terminates about 5-6 cm above the carina. An orogastric tube courses into the stomach, its distal course not fully imaged. A right internal jugular catheter terminates at the cavoatrial junction. There is a new focal opacity in the left upper lobe with a geometric appearance, probably compatible with atelectasis; a newly forming area of pneumonia is not excluded, however. Dense extensive retrocardiac opacification with air bronchograms and a probable associated pleural effusion persists without clear change. A pleural effusion is not apparent on the right on this study, which may be due to a true decrease or consequence of differences in positioning.
Impression: New left upper lobe opacity, probably due to atelectasis, but a new focus of infection is not excluded; short-term follow-up radiographs may be helpful to help distinguish if clinical concerns may include the possibility of developing infection. Persistent extensive retrocardiac opacification, most commonly due to atelectasis, with a pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 308 Report:
Findings: Persistent left retrocardiac opacity, with increasing volume loss manifested by inferior displacement of the left hilum and apparent displacement of left major fissure, consistent with left lower lobe atelectasis. Coexisting pneumonia is possible in the appropriate clinical setting. Right lung and pleural surfaces are clear.assistant

Sample 309 Report:
Findings: Portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates an endotracheal tube which terminates 4 cm above the level of the carina in appropriate position. An enteric tube descends in an uncomplicated course to the distal esophagus, its end out of view. A right jugular line ends at the low superior vena cava. Allowing for changes in patient positioning, the lungs appear largely unchanged with mildly increased interstitial edema. There is no new focal consolidation. There are likely small bilateral pleural effusions, unchanged. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: Mildly increased interstitial pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 310 Report:
Impression: Left PICC line tip is at the level of mid SVC. Cardiomegaly and mediastinum are unchanged. Right basal opacity has slightly progressed. Left retrocardiac atelectasis is unchanged. Upper zone re- distribution of the vasculature is unchangedassistant

Sample 311 Report:
Findings: Dobbhoff tube has been replaced, and is malpositioned with coiling in the mid thoracic esophagus and distal tip directed cephalad at the cervicothoracic junction. At the time of this dictation, subsequently obtained chest x-rays document re-positioning. Cardiomediastinal contours are stable, and there is worsening left retrocardiac opacity adjacent to an unchanged left pleural effusion. Patchy atelectasis at the right lung base is new. Otherwise, no relevant short interval change.assistant

Sample 312 Report:
Impression: 1. A nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not identified. There is increasing retrocardiac consolidation with a probable associated effusion. Although this may represent partial lower lobe atelectasis, aspiration and pneumonia should also be considered. Right lung is grossly clear. Heart remains stably enlarged. No pneumothorax is appreciated. No evidence of pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 313 Report:
Findings: Left-sided PICC is again seen, terminating in the mid SVC. The cardiac silhouette remains moderate to severely enlarged. Bibasilar opacities have increased in there is now a blunting of the costophrenic angles. Findings are consistent with small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis, underlying consolidation due to pneumonia is not excluded. There is moderate pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions, pulmonary edema, and marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette suggest CHF, however underlying consolidation due to pneumonia at the lung bases not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 314 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is noted. The lung volumes are low. Atelectasis of the left lower lobe with potential accompanying small left pleural effusion. Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly. No change in appearance of the normal right lung. Nasogastric tube is in unchanged position.assistant

Sample 315 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is increasing atelectasis at the right lung base. The pleural effusion on the left and the subsequent atelectasis are constant in appearance. Constant size of the cardiac silhouette. Unchanged course of the nasogastric tube.assistant

Sample 316 Report:
Findings: Portable chest radiograph demonstrates an endotracheal tube which terminates 4.5 cm above the level of the carina in appropriateposition. A right internal jugular line terminates in the low SVC. An enteric tube descends in in uncomplicated course, its terminal end outside the field of view. Heart size is mildly enlarged, unchanged. New mild interstitial edema in the right lower lobe. The left lung appears grossly clear and better aerated. No pneumothorax.
Impression: New mild right lower lobe interstitial edema.assistant

Sample 317 Report:
Impression: 1. Unchanged left lower lobe pneumonia, with slightly improved aeration likely due to decreased adjacent atelectasis. 2. Increased mild pulmonary vascular congestion.assistant

Sample 318 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are unchanged. Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly remains unchanged, but a pre-existing left pleural effusion has slightly decreased in extent. Also decreased is a pre-existing left perihilar opacity. Overall, the lungs appear better ventilated. Plate-like atelectasis at the right lung bases, associated with a small right pleural effusion. No new parenchymal opacities. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 319 Report:
Findings: AP single view portable chest x-ray shows Dobbhoff tube with tip ending in mid gastric cavity. Left lung base opacity has worsened since prior chest x-ray due to increased pleural effusion and left lower lobe collapse. In the appropriate clinical setting pneumonia should be considered. Right lung is clear without consolidation, nodules or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is partially obscured by left pleural effusion but appears within normal limits.
Impression: Correct positioning of Dobbhoff tube ending in mid gastric cavity. Interval increase of left lung base collapse and pleural effusion, is concerning for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 320 Report:
Impression: 1. Nasogastric tube is again seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not identified. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable. Interval reduction in lung volumes with appearance of patchy opacity at both bases, right greater than left, most likely representing patchy atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes. No large effusions. No pneumothorax. No evidence of pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 321 Report:
Impression: 1. Nasogastric tube is again seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not identified. The heart remains stably enlarged. There is a stable retrocardiac consolidation likely with an associated effusion. In addition, there is more focal patchy opacity developing at the right lung base. Although these findings may represent atelectasis, aspiration and/or bibasilar pneumonia should also be considered. No pneumothorax. No evidence of pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 322 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 323 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. No discernible osseous injury is seen on current exam.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 324 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. CONCLUSION: There are no significant cardiopulmonary findings.assistant

Sample 325 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No displaced fracture is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 326 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The hilar contours are within normal limits. No displaced fracture is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 327 Report:
Impression: Heart size is enlarged. Mediastinum is overall unchanged although mildly enlarged most likely due to a adjacent area of atelectasis. Large bilateral pleural effusions are unchanged. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 328 Report:
Impression: Cardiomegaly is substantial associated with bilateral pleural effusions which a large but appear to be slightly decreased since the prior study. There is mild vascular congestion. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 329 Report:
Findings: Postoperative mediastinal widening is unchanged after initial improvement. Small bilateral effusions are unchanged. Bibasilar atelectasis is improved. The right IJ central line terminates in the lower SVC. There is no pneumothorax. Median sternotomy wires are intact.
Impression: Stable postoperative mediastinal widening. Small bilateral effusions are unchanged. Bibasilar atelectasis is improved.assistant

Sample 330 Report:
Findings: Severe cardiomegaly is stable. Widening mediastinum and vascular congestion have markedly improved. There is no evident pneumothorax. Small bilateral effusions are unchanged. Right IJ catheter tip is in unchanged position. Bilateral chest tubes are in place
Impression: Resolved vascular congestion. There is stable small bilateral effusions. Improved mediastinal wideningassistant

Sample 331 Report:
Impression: There is a right IJ central line with the distal lead tip in the distal SVC. Bibasilar chest tubes have been removed. Heart size is enlarged but stable. There are low lung volumes with atelectasis at the lung bases. There are no pneumothoraces.assistant

Sample 332 Report:
Findings: Low lung volumes are noted. The cardiomediastinal/hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal parenchymal consolidation. The imaged bones also unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 333 Report:
Findings: Exam is suboptimal due to underpenetration, or presumed secondary to patient body habitus. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. The mediastinum is also widened however, given patient body habitus, this may be due to mediastinal lipomatosis. Central pulmonary vascular congestion.
Impression: Suboptimal study due to underpenetration presumed secondary to patient body habitus. Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Possible underlying mediastinal lipomatosis. Possible central pulmonary vascular engorgement.assistant

Sample 334 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a heart which is top-normal in size, unchanged. There is no concerning focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. An elevated left hemidiaphragm is confirmed on CT from the same day. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 335 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hypoinflated with crowding of vasculature, mild vascular congestion, and bibasilar atelectasis. Heterogeneous retrocardiac opacity is present. There is a new small left pleural effusion. No right pleural effusion. Heart size is likely accentuated due to low lung volumes and patient positioning. Mediastinal contour and hila are otherwise unremarkable. Right IJ CVL tip in low SVC.
Impression: 1. Right IJ CVL tip in low SVC. 2. Mild vascular congestion. 3. New small retrocardiac opacity with small left pleural effusion is worrisome for pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 336 Report:
Findings: The tip of an endotracheal tube is seen 3.8 cm above the carina. Increased opacities is seen in the left lower lung base with left lung volume loss is concerning for aspiration. The right lung appears clear. The heart size is unchanged. No pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. The tip of the ETT is seen 2.8 cm above the carina. No pneumothorax 2. Increased left lower lung opacities are concerning for aspiration.assistant

Sample 337 Report:
Findings: Cardiac size is top normal. Mild pulmonary edema is grossly unchanged. Bibasilar atelectasis larger on the right have minimally improved on the left. Right IJ catheter tip is in the cavoatrial junction. . There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Impression: Mild pulmonary edemaassistant

Sample 338 Report:
Findings: Lungs are well inflated with retrocardiac atelectasis. No pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.
Impression: 1. No pulmonary edema. 2. Retrocardiac atelectasis.assistant

Sample 339 Report:
Impression: Left perihilar consolidation is unchanged. Retrocardiac atelectasis have improved. Vascular congestion is stable. There is no evident pneumothorax. Small left pleural effusion is unchanged. Cardiomediastinal contours are stable. Left PICC tip is in the lower SVCassistant

Sample 340 Report:
Impression: Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. Left perihilar and left lower lobe consolidations are unchanged. Mild vascular congestion has improved. Left PICC tip is in the lower SVC. There is no evident pneumothorax. Small left effusion is unchanged.assistant

Sample 341 Report:
Findings: Patchy linear opacities at the right base most likely represent atelectasis. There is no definite focal consolidation or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with dense calcifications at the thoracic aorta. There is a right chest wall pacemaker with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. A fracture of the left fourth posterior rib is likely not acute.
Impression: Linear opacities at the right base are likely atelectasis. No definite aspiration or focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 342 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 343 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 344 Report:
Findings: Sternotomy. Right IJ central line tip in low SVC. Very shallow inspiration. Left chest tube has been removed. No pneumothorax. Mildly improved left basilar opacity. Probable tiny left pleural effusion, improved. Mild right basilar opacity, likely atelectasis, more prominent.
Impression: Mildly improved left basilar opacity. Mildly worsened right basilar opacity.assistant

Sample 345 Report:
Findings: Post CABG changes. The cardiomediastinal shadow is unchanged. Bilateral pleural effusions which show slight interval progression. No pulmonary edema. No airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Mild interval increase in the size of the bilateral pleural effusions. Post pericardiotomy syndrome should be excluded.assistant

Sample 346 Report:
Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy. There is bibasilar atelectasis. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. No large pleural effusion is seen although trace pleural effusion is difficult to exclude. If pleural effusions are present, there decreased compared to the prior study.
Impression: Is trace pleural effusions are present, there decrease in size compared to the prior study. Basilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 347 Report:
Findings: The mediastinum is widened an enlarged and tortuous of the thoracic aorta. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged. Heart size is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no evidence of focal consolidation. Right axillary clips are again seen. Partially imaged hardware within the lower thoracic spine. A cervical rib is noted on the right.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia. Dilated and tortuous thoracic aorta.assistant

Sample 348 Report:
Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest. Prior left basilar opacity is no longer visualized. Relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged. The lungs are clear of consolidation. Blunting of the posterior costophrenic angle on the left is compatible with trace effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Mid thoracic dextroscoliosis is again noted. Surgical clips project over the right axilla. Posterior lumbar fixation hardware is also seen. Incidentally noted is a cervical rib on the right.
Impression: Trace left effusion. No other acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 349 Report:
Findings: AP portable supine view of the chest. Underlying trauma board is noted. There has been placement of a left pigtail chest tube with its tip projecting over the left mid lung peripherally. There is opacity abutting the tip of the chest tube which could represent a focal area of atelectasis. There is no supine evidence for pneumothorax or large effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. Numerous left rib fractures are better assessed on same-day CT chest.
Impression: Interval placement of left pigtail chest tube. No residual pneumothorax identified on this supine radiograph.assistant

Sample 350 Report:
Findings: No evidence of pneumothorax. Multiple left-sided rib fractures are again seen. The area of linear opacity adjacent to the left chest wall in the left mid lung, corresponding to the original pigtail catheter site, appears unchanged. Left basilar atelectasis is increased over the interval, as has a left-sided pleural effusion, which is now small to moderate size. Cardiac silhouette is unchanged.
Impression: 1. No pneumothorax. 2. Interval increase in left-sided pleural effusion, which is now small to moderate size.assistant

Sample 351 Report:
Findings: Chest PA and lateral radiographs demonstrate a faint opacity in the left lower lung obscuring the left hemidiaphragm, likely representing pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax evident. Mediastinal, hilar, and cardiac contours are normal. No osseous abnormality noted.
Impression: Left lower lung opacity concerning for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 352 Report:
Findings: There has been interval placement of an endotracheal tube with tip terminating approximately 2.2 cm from the carina. Enteric tube is noted with tip coursing below the left hemidiaphragm, into the stomach with tip off the inferior borders of the film. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged. There is mild upper zone vascular redistribution with crowding of bronchovascular structures, likely related to supine AP positioning and low lung volumes. Patchy opacities in the right mid lung field and right lung base may reflect areas of aspiration and/or atelectasis. No pleural effusion or large pneumothorax is detected on this supine exam. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: 1. Endotracheal tube is low lying, turning approximately 2.2 cm from the carina, and can be withdrawn by 1 cm for optimal positioning. 2. Enteric tube in standard position. 3. Low lung volumes with patchy right mid and lower lung field opacities, possibly due to aspiration and/or atelectasis.assistant

Sample 353 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a nasogastric tube. The course of the tube is unremarkable, the tip of the tube projects in pre-pyloric position. No evidence of complications.assistant

Sample 354 Report:
Findings: In comparison to the prior chest radiograph, all lines and tubes have been removed. The bilateral lung aeration has improved dramatically. There is a small left pleural effusion. There is a subtle right basilar opacity. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax is seen.
Impression: 1. Small left pleural effusion. 2. Subtle right basilar opacity, which could represent residual pneumonia.assistant

Sample 355 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low resulting crowding of the pulmonary bronchovascular structures. The heart is not enlarged. The cardiomediastinal contour is unchanged compared to prior studies. There is persistent subtle airspace opacity in the right mid to lower lung, this may reflect the residua of the patient's known pneumonia. The left lung is clear. No pleural effusion seen. Radiopaque material in the left upper quadrant consistent with prior splenic embolization.
Impression: No significant interval change when compared to the prior study.assistant

Sample 356 Report:
Findings: The tip of the endotracheal tube projects towards the right mainstem bronchus and should be retracted. Kinking of the right internal jugular sheath is again noted. Left pleural effusion and left lower lobe atelectasis have increased since the prior study. Small right pleural effusion is likely. Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Right lower lobe pneumonia has worsened since the prior radiograph.
Impression: 1. Low position of the endotracheal tube warrants retraction. 2. Persistent kinking of the right internal jugular sheath. 3. Bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right, with moderate left lower lobe atelectasis. 4. Right lower lobe pneumonia worsened since the prior radiograph.assistant

Sample 357 Report:
Findings: There is possible subtle opacity in the right midlung. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema is seen. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. No signs of intra-abdominal free air are seen.
Impression: Subtle right midlung opacity, nonspecific. No evidence of intra-abdominal free air. RECOMMENDATION(S): Repeat with PA and lateral suggested.assistant

Sample 358 Report:
Findings: Stable chronically elevated right hemidiaphragm with moderate right lower lobe atelectasis. Small stable breast calcification projects adjacent to the left ventricle as is seen on CT. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left lung clear. Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila appear normal. No bony abnormality.
Impression: Chronic stable elevation of right hemidiaphragm with moderate right lower lobe atelectasis.assistant

Sample 359 Report:
Findings: Marked elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is similar to prior. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: Marked elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is similar to prior. No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 360 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are hyperinflated but clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Mild degenerative changes are noted within the lower thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 361 Report:
Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are hyperinflated but clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Mild degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 362 Report:
Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated. No pneumoperitoneum is seen. A biliary stent is partially imaged in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No subdiaphragmatic free air.assistant

Sample 363 Report:
Impression: New endotracheal tube in standard position. Nasogastric tube passes into the upper stomach and would need to be advanced 5 cm to move all the side ports beyond the gastroesophageal junction. Lung volumes have improved generally, particularly in the right lower lobe below the right hemidiaphragm is still elevated. Residual consolidation in the lower lobe could be atelectasis or pneumonia. Heart size normal has decreased substantially since earlier in the day. Left PIC line ends at the origin of the SVCassistant

Sample 364 Report:
Impression: Progressive elevation of the right lung base coupled with worsening consolidation in the lower lung suggests severe atelectasis. There is also away moderate right pleural effusion. The right bronchial tree is poorly defined. The findings suggest large scale aspiration or difficulty clearing secretions. Left lung is clear. Left heart border is normal. Left PIC line ends at the origin of the SVC.assistant

Sample 365 Report:
Impression: NG tube tip is in the stomach. Lung bases are essentially unremarkable. The central venous line tip terminates most likely at the level of cavoatrial junction. Otherwise no abnormalities demonstrated in the limited portion of the lungs. Biliary stent is projecting over the right upper abdomen.assistant

Sample 366 Report:
Impression: No previous images. There is an endotracheal tube in place with its tip approximately 3 cm above the carina. Nasogastric tube extends well into the stomach. Right subclavian catheter extends to the level of the carina. Mild basilar atelectatic changes without evidence of acute pneumonia or vascular congestion. There may well be a small right pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 367 Report:
Impression: ET tube tip is the 4 cm above the carinal. NG tube tip is in the stomach. Left PICC line tip is at the level superior SVC. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Lungs are essentially clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 368 Report:
Impression: As before the left PIC line ends in the upper right atrium and would need to be withdrawn 2 cm to reposition it low in the SVC if desired. Nasogastric tube ends in the upper stomach. Lung zone volume, but aside from a band of linear atelectasis or scarring on the left, there are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Thickening of the right lower costal pleural margin could be scarring or a small effusion.assistant

Sample 369 Report:
Impression: Allowing for technical differences and partial obscuration of the upper chest, I doubt significant change compared with one day earlier.assistant

Sample 370 Report:
Impression: Endotracheal tube has been removed. The feeding tube and left-sided PICC line are unchanged in position. There are mildly low lung volumes. There is no focal consolidation. There is mild atelectasis at the lung bases. There are no pneumothoraces.assistant

Sample 371 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there is and placement of a Dobbhoff tube, the tip of which extends just below the esophagogastric junction. It should be pushed forward at least 10 cm if possible.assistant

Sample 372 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 3 cm above the carinal. The lung volumes remain low. No pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. No pneumonia. No pneumothorax. The previously placed Dobbhoff catheter has been removed.assistant

Sample 373 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes remain extremely low. The position of the endotracheal tube, the nasogastric tube and the right PICC line are constant and normal. Mild atelectasis at both lung bases. Minimal fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema. No larger pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 374 Report:
Impression: Slight interval worsening of bibasilar atelectasis. Small right effusion is probably unchanged. Low inspiratory volumes persist. No definite pneumonic infiltrate is detected, but the possibility of a subtle early infectious infiltrate would be difficult to exclude.assistant

Sample 375 Report:
Impression: NG tube tip is in the stomach. Heart size and mediastinum are unremarkable. Lungs are essentially clear. Left PICC line tip is at the level of lower SVC. No pneumothorax or appreciable pleural effusion demonstrated.assistant

Sample 376 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a nasogastric tube. The tip of the tube is located in pre pyloric position. The middle parts of the tube are slightly coiled in the stomach. The left PICC line is unchanged. No evidence of complications, no pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 377 Report:
Findings: There has been interval placement of the ET tube which terminates 5.5 cm above the carina. Left PICC line terminates in the mid SVC. NG tube terminates in the stomach however its side-port appears to be at the GE junction. Left lower lobe atelectasis has improved. There is new right middle lung atelectasis. A small right pleural effusion is seen.
Impression: NG tube's side port is at the GE junction. The ET tube is as a satisfactory location.assistant

Sample 378 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there has been placement of a Dobbhoff tube that appears to coil upon itself in the upper esophagus. Subsequent study showed it pushed forward so that the tip was just below the level of the cardioesophageal junction.assistant

Sample 379 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous image, no relevant change is seen. The lung volumes remain rather low. The lung parenchyma, however, has normal structure and transparency. No focal or diffuse lung lesions. No pleural effusions. No cardiomegaly. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.assistant

Sample 380 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Mild prominence of the hila is stable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No significant interval change.assistant

Sample 381 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube, right internal jugular central venous catheter, and enteric tube are in proper position. There is persistent collapse of the right lower lobes with expected shift of the heart and mediastinum to the right. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There is no focal consolidation. Mild pulmonary edema is slightly worse. Linear opacities at the left base likely represent atelectasis. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. Appropriate positioning of lines and tubes. 2. Persistent collapse of the right lower lobes, unchanged. 3. Mild pulmonary edema, slightly worse.assistant

Sample 382 Report:
Findings: In comparison with study of earlier in this date, the endotracheal tube tip is in similar position, well above the carina. Left subclavian catheter is unchanged, as is the appearance of the heart and lungs.assistant

Sample 383 Report:
Findings: Assessment is limited due to rightward rotation of the patient. Allowing for this limitation, there is opacification of the right lower lung, likely due to a combination of atelectasis given volume loss with rightward mediastnal shift to the right and possible pleural effusion. Small nodular opacities are seen in the aerated portion of the right lung, potentially vessels on end. The left lung is clear. There is no left-sided effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Old bilateral rib fractures are identified. An endotracheal tube is seen ending approximately 4 cm above the carina. An esophageal tube ends beyond the gastroesophageal junction with the tip out of view. Artifact from external monitoring and supporting devices is present.
Impression: 1. Right lower lobe consolidation, likely a combination of atelectasis or consolidation with pleural effusion. 2. 6 mm nodule in the aerated right upper lobe of unclear clinical significance but attention to this area suggested on followup exams. 3. Endotracheal and esophageal tubes in appropriate position.assistant

Sample 384 Report:
Findings: As compared to the prior study, there has been apparent interval increase in size of a now moderate left partially layering pleural effusion. Remainder of the exam is unchanged since the recent study.assistant

Sample 385 Report:
Findings: Portable upright chest radiograph demonstrates unchanged right internal jugular central venous catheter and endotracheal tube, which terminates at the level of the clavicles. The lung volumes are again low, with partial collapse of the right middle and lower lobes. Left lung is grossly clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Continued partial collapse of the right middle and lower lobes with no evidence of pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 386 Report:
Findings: There has been interval removal of the right internal jugular central venous line. The enteric tube, endotracheal tube, and left PICC line are stable. Heart size is enlarged is stable. There is continued partial collapse of the right lower lobes with no new parenchymal opacity.
Impression: Continued volume loss at the right lung base with stable support devices. Interval removal of right internal jugular central venous line.assistant

Sample 387 Report:
Findings: A new IJ line is identified, ending in the mid SVC. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Otherwise, there is no significant interval change compared with the previous examination, with opacification of the right lower lung field, likely a combination of at least some atelectasis and possible consolidation/pleural effusion. The aerated portion of the right upper lung shows changes of interstitial edema. The left lung is clear. There is no change in position of the endotracheal tube. The NG tube tip is out of view. Significant bilateral carotid calcifications are seen.
Impression: New IJ line ends in the mid SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax. Otherwise, no significant change compared with recent chest radiographic examination.assistant

Sample 388 Report:
Findings: There has been interval extubation and removal of the enteric tube. The left PICC line terminates in the mid SVC. Lung volumes are low and the cardiac size is enlarged. Collapse of the right lower lobe is persistent. There is improvement in pulmonary edema. Small right pleural effusion is unchanged. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Continued right lower lobe collapse. Interval extubation and enteric tube removal. Improvement in pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 389 Report:
Findings: Interval improved aeration of the right lung, with residual partial atelectasis of right middle and right lower lobes. Small right pleural effusion is also present. Left lung is grossly clear except for minimal patchy atelectasis at the base, partially improved from the prior study.assistant

Sample 390 Report:
Findings: The heart is probably at the upper limits of normal size allowing for technique. There is mild unfolding of the descending thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 391 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate healing right-sided rib fractures. There is increase in the air component within a large air-fluid collection under an elevated right hemidiaphragm consistent with known necrotic right lobe of the liver. The lungs are otherwise clear with right more than left basilar atelectasis, and a large right pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are normal.
Impression: 1. Poor visualization of right-sided rib fractures. If there is further question regarding these, repeat dedicated views are recommended. 2. Large air-fluid level within the necrotic right lobe of the liver, and elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with right base atelectasis and small pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 392 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube are within normal limits. There is also a right-sided central venous line with the distal lead tip in the cavoatrial junction. There is moderate cardiomegaly. There is mild fluid overload and a left retrocardiac opacity which is stable.assistant

Sample 393 Report:
Findings: Following repositioning of the endotracheal tube, the tip ends 6 cm above the carina and is adequately positioned. Left subclavian line tip is in mid SVC and orogastric tube ends into the stomach. Veil-like opacity in the right lung suggesting moderate right pleural effusion, left retrocardiac increased opacity which is likely a combination of atelectasis and/or small effusion is similar. No interval changes in the lungs.assistant

Sample 394 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Total opacification of the right hemithorax, signs of fluid overload on the left. Moderate cardiomegaly. Unchanged monitoring and support devices.assistant

Sample 395 Report:
Findings: Bilateral lung volumes are low. Endotracheal tube tip is 5.5 cm above the carina, orogastric tube ends into the stomach, and left subclavian line tip is in mid SVC. Increased retrocardiac opacity is better since yesterday. Mild to moderately enlarged heart size is stable, and mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. No discrete opacities in right lung.
Impression: Mild retrocardiac opacity, decreased since yesterday, either atelectasis or aspiration. Associated infection cannot be ruled out. No new focal opacities in the right lung.assistant

Sample 396 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged position of the monitoring and support devices. The right lung bases show slightly improved ventilation with, however, a persisting right pleural effusion. On the left, the image is unchanged. Mild fluid overload, moderate cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 397 Report:
Findings: A single portable semi-erect chest radiograph was obtained. Pulmonary aeration has decreased. Moderate to large layering right pleural effusion has increased. Loculated intra-abdominal air projects over the right lung base. Central pulmonary vascular congestion is similar. Cardiomegaly is unchanged. An endotracheal tube ends 2.5 cm above the carina. An enteric tube passes inferiorly below the film. A right subclavian catheter terminates at the cavoatrial junction.
Impression: Increasing right pleural effusion since yesterday's exam.assistant

Sample 398 Report:
Findings: Left lung is well expanded and clear. Right lung demonstrates decreased right-sided pleural effusion with residual atelectasis but no evidence of pneumothorax. Heart remains of normal in size. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
Impression: Interval decrease in right pleural effusion with no evidence of pneumothorax after thoracentesis.assistant

Sample 399 Report:
Impression: Unchanged pulmonary edema and low lung volumes.assistant

Sample 400 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are unchanged. There is unchanged evidence of hyperlucency at the right base of the hemithorax without clear morphological attributes. Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly. Minimal fluid overload. Mild retrocardiac atelectasis.assistant

Sample 401 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Since the prior exam, there has been no significant change. The right pleural effusion with right basal atelectasis is essentially stable. An air-fluid level in the right upper quadrant corresponds with a collection in the right hepatic lobe, better assessed on the prior CT scan. The left lung remains clear. No definite signs of new consolidation. No pulmonary edema. Overall, cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: No significant change with stable right pleural effusion with basilar atelectasis and air-fluid level in the right upper quadrant compatible with known right hepatic lobe collection.assistant

Sample 402 Report:
Findings: There is a left-sided AICD with lead tips in the right atrium and right ventricle. There is a feeding tube whose tip and side port are below the gastroesophageal junction. Cardiomegaly which is stable. There is atelectasis at the left base. There are no pneumothoraces. There is mild prominence of the pulmonary vascular markings without overt pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 403 Report:
Findings: Bedside upright AP radiograph of the chest demonstrates clear lungs beside from persistent left infrahilar atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. Severe cardiomegaly including a calcified apical ventricular aneurysm is unchanged. The AICD and two leads are unchanged. A nasogastric tube is seen and coursing through the esophagus, into the stomach, and out of field of view.
Impression: Stable left infrahilar atelectasis without new airspace opacity concerning for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 404 Report:
Impression: New upper enteric drainage tube passes into the nondistended stomach and out of view. ET tube in standard placement. Dense consolidation in the left lower lobe, is probably atelectasis. Predominantly perihilar consolidation and more extensive ground-glass opacification involving the upper lungs has worsened slightly since earlier in the day. Differential diagnosis is broad and includes pneumonia and pulmonary hemorrhage. Heart size is difficult to assess but probably not enlarged. Pleural effusion is small, on the left, if any. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 405 Report:
Impression: Diffuse consolidation/pneumonia in the right lung has worsened. Left lower lobe consolidation is grossly unchanged. Cardiomegaly cannot be assessed. Lines and tubes are in unchanged standard position. There is probably a small right pleural effusionassistant

Sample 406 Report:
Findings: AP portable single-view chest x-ray of the chest shows reduced lung volume and new mild vascular engorgement. Left lung base is not fully assessable, because obscured by midly enlarged heart. Aorta is elongated. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 407 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no overall change. The pre-existing bilateral parenchymal opacities are artificially increased in density given the lower lung volumes of the patient. Moderate atelectasis in the retrocardiac lung regions persist. No larger pleural effusions. Unchanged course and position of the right PICC line.assistant

Sample 408 Report:
Findings: Low lung volumes persist. New since the prior study is interstitial opacity over the right lung worrisome for asymmetric pulmonary edema or infection. Right base atelectasis is seen. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are grossly stable. The right colon is again interposed anterior to the liver.
Impression: New opacity projecting over the left lung could be due to very asymmetric pulmonary edema although more concerning for infectious or inflammatory process.assistant

Sample 409 Report:
Impression: The tip of the endotracheal tube measures approximately 4.5 cm above the carina. Little change in the appearance of the heart and lungs from the study of 1 hour previously.assistant

Sample 410 Report:
Findings: Interval intubation with the tip of the endotracheal tube tip projecting 2.5 cm above the carina. The gastric tube projects over the body of the stomach. Increasing bilateral diffuse airspace opacities which can be seen in the setting of multifocal pneumonia and pulmonary edema. Small left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax identified. The size of the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.
Impression: Increasing and diffuse bilateral airspace opacities, concerning for pulmonary edema however superimposed multifocal pneumonia cannot be excluded.assistant

Sample 411 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. There are bibasilar opacities identified, similar to prior exam. Some irregular linear component is seen at the lateral aspect at the left lung base which is more conspicuous than on ptiot. Superiorly, the lungs are clear. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. Trace bilateral effusions likely present given blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged, notable for mild cardiomegaly. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.
Impression: Bibasilar opacities more conspicuous linear opacities at the left lung base. Findings may be due to pneumonia. Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution of the findings.assistant

Sample 412 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. Extensive parenchymal opacities have mostly resolved since the prior examination, primarily leaving bronchovascular opacity in the right lower lobe which can probably be attributed atelectasis, as well as suspected residual retrocardiac atelectasis. However, there is no further evidence for parenchymal edema or significant pleural effusions.
Impression: Marked improvement in pulmonary opacities with suspected residual atelectasis in the posterior lower lobes, but no definite acute process.assistant

Sample 413 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous image, the patient has been extubated. The nasogastric tube was removed. The lung volumes have decreased, revealing new sounds of parenchymal atelectasis at the lung bases. The pre-existing parenchymal opacity in the perihilar lung regions on the left is overall unchanged. Moderate cardiomegaly persists. No larger pleural effusions. The overdistension of the transverse colon is constant in appearance.assistant

Sample 414 Report:
Findings: ET tube terminates approximately 7 cm above the carina, partially due to position of the chin. The right IJ central venous catheter terminates in mid to lower SVC. The enteric tube terminates in the gastric antrum. Bilateral lower lobe consolidation is unchanged. The underlying bilateral lower lobe atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusion are unchanged. Component of pulmonary edema has improved. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.
Impression: Component of pulmonary edema has improved, unchanged bilateral lower lobe consolidations and pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 415 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Compared to the prior radiograph, the patient's fluid overload status has improved and there is no evidence of pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is appreciated. The cardiomediastinal contour has improved in the interval. Tortuous aorta is again noted. The previously noted opacities at the right lung base may have been a function of engorge vasculature, and are no longer seen.
Impression: Interval resolution of pulmonary edema with no longer visualized right lower lobe opacities which may have been engorged vessels.assistant

Sample 416 Report:
Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are clear of focal consolidation or pulmonary vascular congestion. There is no effusion. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Hypertrophic changes seen in the thoracic spine.
Impression: Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 417 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 418 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided. The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The imaged bony structures are intact. No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm. Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant noted. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 419 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Moderate cardiomegaly with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Clips projecting over the left shoulder.assistant

Sample 420 Report:
Findings: Single supine view of the chest. Endotracheal tube is seen with tip 5 cm from the carina. Feeding tube passes off the inferior field of view. Vague linear right basilar opacity is most suggestive of atelectasis. Elsewhere the lungs are grossly clear and the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Likely chronic deformity of the lateral right clavicle. Potentially acute deformity of the proximal left humerus is incompletely visualized.
Impression: Expected position of endotracheal tube. Probable right basilar atelectasis. Potentially acute deformity of the proximal left humerus is incompletely visualized.assistant

Sample 421 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The hila are normal. There is a large region of heterogeneous opacity extending from the mid lower to upper lung zone likely representing pneumonia. No pleural abnormalities. No pneumothorax. The visualized bones and soft tissues are normal. The right port is in satisfactory position.
Impression: There is a large region of heterogeneous opacity extending from the mid lower to upper lung zone likely representing pneumonia.assistant

Sample 422 Report:
Findings: Right chest wall port is seen with catheter tip at the mid SVC. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. Mild height loss of a lower thoracic vertebral body is unchanged.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 423 Report:
Impression: Cardiac size is normal. The aorta is tortuous. There are minimal atelectasis in the left base otherwise the lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. Left pleural effusion is small. . NG tube tip is in the stomach. Right Port-A-Cath tip is at the cavoatrial junctionassistant

Sample 424 Report:
Findings: Heart size is at the upper limits of normal or slightly enlarged. Aorta is calcified. No CHF, focal infiltrate, or effusion is identified. No pneumothorax is detected.
Impression: No acute pulmonary process identified.assistant

Sample 425 Report:
Findings: There is no pneumothorax. Left-sided pacemaker has three leads, one in right atrium, one in right ventricle and the last one in the coronary sinus. Left jugular line is at the junction of brachiocephalic vein and superior vena cava. Right-sided PICC line is still looped in the distal subclavian vein and ends in the upper SVC. Bibasilar consolidation which is probably atelectasis is unchanged. Moderate cardiomegaly is stable. The stomach is more dilated than previous exam. CONCLUSION: 1. There is no pneumothorax. 2. Right-sided PICC line is still looped inside the subclavian vein. 3. Unchanged bibasilar consolidation. This was discussed with the medical team.assistant

Sample 426 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received an additional pacemaker lead. There is no evidence of right pneumothorax and no evidence of right mediastinal widening. At the right lung bases, an area of atelectasis persists in unchanged manner as compared to the previous radiograph. No pleural effusions. Moderate cardiomegaly without evidence of acute pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 427 Report:
Findings: Left-sided AICD device is noted with leads terminating in the regions of the right atrium, right ventricle and coronary sinus, unchanged. Severe cardiomegaly is again noted. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. No pulmonary edema is demonstrated. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Atelectasis is noted in both lung bases. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Severe cardiomegaly without congestive heart failure or pneumonia.assistant

Sample 428 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Moderate cardiomegaly with moderate pulmonary edema. The areas of increased density at the right lung base are minimally progressive. No new parenchymal opacities. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 429 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change insert severe cardiomegaly, pacemaker, volume loss at the bases, and no overt pulmonary edema. .
Impression: No change.assistant

Sample 430 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the gastric distention has decreased. There is unchanged evidence of low lung volumes with areas of atelectasis at the lung bases. The ECG cables, pacemaker wires and right PICC line are constant. Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly. No new parenchymal opacities in the ventilated lung zones. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 431 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous image, there is minimally improved ventilation at both the left and right lung base. Plate-like atelectasis at the level of the left hilus. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. No evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 432 Report:
Findings: There is subtle right basilar opacity and lack of visualization of the right heart border. There is minimal increased density projecting over the cardiac sillouette on the lateral view. Elsewhere, the lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.
Impression: Loss of the right heart border with subtle increased right lower lung opacity which could represent right middle lobe pneumonia.assistant

Sample 433 Report:
Findings: A round retrocardiac opacity with an air fluid level abutting the left paravertebral stripe is a hiatal hernia. No other focal opacities are noted. Cardiomnediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Hiatal hernia. Otherwise, unremarkable chest radiographic examination.assistant

Sample 434 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 435 Report:
Impression: No change in appearance as compared to the previous image. 2 mm calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. Normal structure and transparency of the lung parenchyma. No pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. No pneumonia. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Minimal tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.assistant

Sample 436 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.assistant

Sample 437 Report:
Findings: AP and lateral chest radiographs again demonstrates streaky opacities in the right lung bases that may be related to chronic aspiration. The lungs are otherwise clear and there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Deviation of the trachea to the left is due to known thyroid nodule. Costophrenic sulcus blunting is unchanged. Coronary calcifications are noted. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 438 Report:
Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest. Compared to prior, there has been no significant interval change. Streaky opacities at the lung bases are again noted likely due to scarring. There is no new consolidation, effusion or evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Trachea is deviated to the left at the thoracic inlet secondary to right thyroid lesion seen on prior CT. No acute osseous or soft tissue abnormality.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 439 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, and the pulmonary vascularity is normal. Leftward deviation of the upper trachea is due to a right thyroid nodule and is unchanged. Streaky opacities in the lung bases are unchanged, and likely reflects chronic aspiration and scarring. Additionally, blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus on the frontal view is unchanged from the prior exam and likely reflects pleural thickening. No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No interval change from the prior exam. No new focal opacities to suggest pneumonia.assistant

Sample 440 Report:
Impression: Pleural plaques and possibly coronary calcifications as before without signs of latent or active tuberculosis infection.assistant

Sample 441 Report:
Findings: A single portable semi-erect chest radiograph was obtained the lungs are well expanded. Blunting of the right costophrenic angle may be due to a small pleural effusion. A right lower lobe calcified pleural plaque is unchanged. There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.
Impression: Blunting of the right costophrenic angle may be due to small pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 442 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. The lungs remain clear of consolidation. Calcified pleural plaques seen at the right lung base. Rounded density nodule projects over the left lung base on the frontal view. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality detected. Surgical clips seen in the left upper abdomen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Left base nodule seen on the frontal view may be nipple shadow and can be confirmed by repeat exam with nipple markers.assistant

Sample 443 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are obtained. The lungs are clear and well expanded, without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Previously noted calcified plaque at the right lung base is unchanged. There is no sign of CHF. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. Bony structures are intact. Clips are again noted in the left upper quadrant. Bony structures appear intact.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 444 Report:
Impression: Study is limited due to overlying radiographic bucky board artifact. Support lines and tubes are unchanged in position. Heart size is prominent. There is a persistent left retrocardiac capacity and left-sided pleural effusion which is stable. Atelectasis at the lung bases is again seen. There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion. There are no pneumothoraces.assistant

Sample 445 Report:
Findings: The patient has had prior median sternotomy with CABG. Coronary artery calcifications are stents are unchanged. A left pectoral dual lead pacemaker remains in place. The previous right suprahilar mass-like opacity which corresponded to a non-enhancing heterogeneously mediastinal lesion is no longer evident, suggesting that this was a now resolved hematoma. There is stable mammilation of the right hemidiaphragm. Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Bilateral pleural thickening and subsegmental atelectasis are unchanged. There is no new focal consolidations or pneumothorax. A small right pleural effusion has resolved.
Impression: Presumed resolved right suprahilar mediastinal hematoma. Stable bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis with otherwise clear lungs. Resolved small right pleural effusion. Stable mild cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 446 Report:
Impression: Mild unilateral pulmonary edema has improved in the right lung. Small right pleural effusion is also likely. Severe cardiomegaly is unchanged. No pneumothorax. Lines and tubes in standard placements.assistant

Sample 447 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a left chest wall pacer device with leads overlying the right atrium and ventricle, as well as mediastinal clips and sternal wires. Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 448 Report:
Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is not substantially changed in the interval. Mild pulmonary edema appears slightly worse from the previous exam. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Atelectasis is demonstrated in the lung bases.
Impression: Slight interval worsening of mild pulmonary edema. Similar moderate to severe cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 449 Report:
Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. A left-sided dual-lumen pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. Heart size remains moderately enlarged but unchanged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar. There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. Small right pleural effusion appears new in the interval. Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect atelectasis though infection cannot be completely excluded. No pneumothorax is detected. Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine.
Impression: Small right pleural effusion with patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, possibly atelectasis though infection is not excluded. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.assistant

Sample 450 Report:
Impression: Combination of moderate pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis is unchanged. Severe cardiomegaly is chronic. Upper lobes show the only mild pulmonary vascular congestion. ETT with the chin in flexion, is in standard position. Right subclavian line ends in the upper right atrium. Transvenous right atrial right ventricular pacer leads are continuous from the left pectoral generator.assistant

Sample 451 Report:
Findings: Since most recent radiograph, there is no significant interval change. Again seen is bilateral pleural effusion and atelectasis, not significantly changed from prior. The ET tube now terminates approximately 2.5 cm from the carina, which may be due to patient positioning. Otherwise, there is no appreciable change in support lines. Sternotomy wires and surgical clips are in place.
Impression: No significant interval change.assistant

Sample 452 Report:
Findings: Left chest wall pacer has leads in the right atrium and right ventricle. ET tube is approximately 3 cm from the carina. Left internal jugular central venous catheter terminates in the mid SVC. Enteric tube courses into the stomach and beyond the field of view. There is continued improvement in right upper lobe opacity. Small bilateral pleural effusions are likely unchanged. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Severe cardiomegaly is unchanged.
Impression: Continued improvement of right upper lobe opacity. Unchanged small bilateral pleural effusions. Persistent severe cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 453 Report:
Findings: A left pectoral pacemaker is again seen with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. There is no evidence of lead fracture or discontinuation. Mediastinal clips, coronary artery stents and sternotomy wires are constant. The lungs are hyperinflated, compatible with known COPD. Cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. There is a new right perihilar mass, which warrants further investigation with CT. Small bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis are new. There is no focal airspace consolidation worrisome for pneumonia. No pneumothorax. There are moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Impression: 1. Right hilar mass, worrisome for neoplasm, warrants further evaluation with a contrast enhanced chest CT. 2. New small bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 454 Report:
Findings: Supportive a monitoring equipment is unchanged in appearance when compared to the prior study. Severe cardiomegaly, also unchanged. There is prominence of the bilateral hila with hazy opacity at the right lung base likely reflecting a layering pleural effusion. Prominence of the pulmonary vascular is consistent with pulmonary vascular congestion. Left lobe were lobe atelectasis. Asymmetric pulmonary edema predominately effects the right lung.
Impression: Increased opacity at the right lung base likely reflects a layering pleural effusion. Severe cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion, similar when compared to the prior study. Asymmetric pulmonary edema predominately affecting the right lung.assistant

Sample 455 Report:
Findings: ETT in standard position. Left cardiac pacemaker device is unchanged. Median sternotomy wires and multiple mediastinal clips are unchanged. Heart remains moderate to severely enlarged. Lung volumes remain low. Moderate edema persists, with interval increased opacity in the right upper lobe; this asymmetric edema can be seen in the setting of mitral regurgitation. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Moderate edema with new asymmetric increased edema in the right upper lobe which can be seen in the setting of mitral regurgitation. Correlate with clinical history.assistant

Sample 456 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.
Impression: No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 457 Report:
Findings: There is moderate cardiomegaly. The aorta is mildly tortuous, otherwise the hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. There is mild bibasilar atelectasis. No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Hardware in the proximal left humerus is not fully imaged or well evaluated.
Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 458 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrating no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. Calcifications projecting over the heart likely correspond with mitral annular calcification. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes of the right shoulder and shoulder arthroplasty noted. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Please refer to subsequent CT abdomen and pelvis for further details.assistant

Sample 459 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. Known bilateral pulmonary nodules are better seen on chest CT. Biapical scarring is again noted. The lungs are hyperinflated but clear of consolidation or effusion. Linear left basilar opacity suggestive of atelectasis or scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Continued followup of pulmonary nodules is recommended per recent chest CT report.assistant

Sample 460 Report:
Findings: No nodule is seen. There is an opacity made by overlapping ribs in the right upper lung that is seen in previous radiographs. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema is seen, and the cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged. There is a left basilar atelectasis.
Impression: No lung nodule seen.assistant

Sample 461 Report:
Findings: Mild plate-like bibasilar atelectasis. There is no suspicious consolidation to suggest pneumonia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.assistant

Sample 462 Report:
Findings: The lungs, heart, pleural surfaces, hilar contours are all normal.
Impression: Normal x-ray.assistant

Sample 463 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube is seen terminating approximately 2.7 cm above the level of the carina. Enteric tube seen coursing below the level of the diaphragm, inferior aspect not included on the image, but side port appears to be in the left upper quadrant in expected location of the stomach. There is left base opacity which may represent combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis or underlying consolidation due to aspiration or contusion. Additional left perihilar opacity is seen which may also relate to aspiration, asymmetric pulmonary edema, or infection. There is slight blunting of the right costophrenic angle and a trace pleural effusion may be present. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are grossly stable. The superior mediastinum remains widened although slightly less prominent as compared to this prior study and findings are likely accentuated by supine position in the AP technique. However, if there is clinical concern for acute mediastinal injury, CT is more sensitive.
Impression: 1. Endotracheal and nasogastric tubes in appropriate position. 2. Left base opacity may be combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis with also aspiration. Additional opacity in the left lung may be due to additional areas of aspiration, although infection or contusion/pulmonary hemorrhage is not excluded within the appropriate clinical setting. 3. Possible trace right pleural effusion. 4. Prominence of the superior mediastinum likely accentuated by supine position and AP technique and appears slightly less prominent as compared to the prior study; however, if there is concern for acute mediastinal process, chest CT is more sensitive.assistant

Sample 464 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Mild levoscoliosis is present.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 465 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior radiograph, lung volumes are lower, particularly in the right lower lobe. A new right lower lobe opacity on both views is at least atelectasis. Superimposed pneumonia is not excluded. A small right effusion is new. No pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal.
Impression: New right lower lobe opacity is at minimum atelectasis. However given the clinical history, superimposed pneumonia is not excluded.assistant

Sample 466 Report:
Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Left-sided pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium, right ventricle and coronary sinus. Moderate cardiomegaly persists. The aorta is tortuous and diffusely calcified. No pulmonary edema is seen. Previously noted multifocal opacities have largely resolved with minimal residual opacity seen within the right lung base. No new focal consolidation is present. Small left pleural effusion persists. There is no pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities are detected.
Impression: Interval improvement in previously noted multifocal opacities, with residual right basilar opacity likely reflecting resolving pneumonia. Small left pleural effusion, unchanged.assistant

Sample 467 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided. AICD device is unchanged in position with lead tips extending to the coronary sinus and right ventricle. The midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again noted. There is interval development of pulmonary edema with pulmonary vascular congestion and subtle alveolar ground-glass opacity noted. Bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right are noted with left basilar atelectasis, likely compressive. Bony structures are intact. Overall, cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lung noted.
Impression: Interval development of pulmonary edema with bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right.assistant

Sample 468 Report:
Findings: Unchanged mediastinal and hilar borders. Heart size demonstrates stable cardiomegaly. Multifocal opacifications throughout both lungs and may represent atypical infectious process with a less likely consideration given to pulmonary edema; there is relative absence of central pulmonary vessel prominence. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is evident. Redemonstration of pacemaker including abandoned leads in the right atrium, right ventricle and left ventricle epicardial location, unchanged.
Impression: Multifocal opacification throughout both lungs, possibly representing atypical infectious process, with a less likely consideration given to pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 469 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Triple lead left-sided pacemaker is again seen with leads similar in position. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm and slight blunting of the left costophrenic angle which may be due to a small pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis. Calcifications project over the left mid lung. No right pleural effusion is seen. The right lung is clear.
Impression: Left base opacity may be due to combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis.assistant

Sample 470 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal.
Impression: Normal chest.assistant

Sample 471 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion. The cardiac silhouette slightly enlarged and the aorta is tortuous. No acute osseous abnormality detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Note evidence of congestive failure.assistant

Sample 472 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal. The italic contours are unremarkable. No pulmonary edema is seen. Large air-fluid level is incidentally noted in the stomach
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 473 Report:
Findings: No definite focal consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal. The aorta is somewhat unfolded. No pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 474 Report:
Findings: There is no new lung consolidation. New mild pulmonary congestion is seen without edema. Left lower lung atelectatic band is minimal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiac contour is top normal. CONCLUSION: There are no significant cardiopulmonary findings.assistant

Sample 475 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient is less rotated. There is no evidence for the presence of a right pneumothorax. Mild atelectasis in the retrocardiac lung areas. Known mediastinal masses.assistant

Sample 476 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the current image is rotated to the left. As a consequence, the right hemithorax appears bigger than previously. However, no abnormal contours are noted. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No evidence of pneumonia, larger pleural effusions or pulmonary edema. Vertebral fixation devices are in constant position.assistant

Sample 477 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right pigtail catheter has been removed. The opacities at the lung bases are constant. There is no larger pleural effusion and no evidence of right pneumothorax. Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette. Unchanged vertebral stabilization devices. No new lung parenchymal abnormality.assistant

Sample 478 Report:
Findings: Right pleural catheter remains in place. Right apical pneumothorax has nearly resolved. Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Heterogeneous opacities at the lung bases are again demonstrated, with slight worsening in the left lower lobe. Acute right rib fractures are again visualized.assistant

Sample 479 Report:
Findings: Linear opacity projecting over the anterior right seventh rib may relate to the edge of the rib. No definite focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The aorta is slightly tortuous and is calcified. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. Metallic surgical hardware is partially imaged in the cervical spine. Evidence of underlying pulmonary emphysema is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 480 Report:
Findings: Right pigtail pleural catheter remains in place, with a small right apical pneumothorax which has slightly decreased in size since the recent study. Heart size remains normal. Worsening heterogeneous opacities at the lung bases, which may be due to atelectasis, aspiration, and/or contusion given known right lower rib fractures.assistant

Sample 481 Report:
Findings: Today's radiograph shows, better than on the previous image, the presence of a right upper mediastinal tumor that causes a right mediastinal contour irregularity and the unusually dense mediastinum of the patient. On the current image, the lung parenchyma is unremarkable. No pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. No lung nodules or masses. No pleural effusions, no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 482 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. The heart is not enlarged. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. No acute displaced rib fractures are identified.
Impression: No acute displaced rib fractures identified. Chest x-ray is limited for evaluation of subtle chest wall trauma. If concern for chest wall trauma remains, recommend dedicated views of the ribs. RECOMMENDATION(S): If concern for chest wall trauma remains, recommend dedicated views.assistant

Sample 483 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Normal radiograph of the chest.assistant

Sample 484 Report:
Findings: Lungs: Considerable new right-sided consolidation is present involving the bulk of the right lower lobe. Left parahilar infiltrate is also present. Pleura: There is no pleural effusion. Mediastinum: No mediastinal mass is seen on this AP examination. Heart: The heart is not enlarged. Osseous structures: The osseous structures are normal for age. Additional findings: The endotracheal tube is been removed
Impression: Extensive right lower lobe infiltrate likely due to aspiration. There is likely also a small left perihilar infiltrate. Followup advisedassistant

Sample 485 Report:
Findings: There may be a very trace left pleural effusion. Prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature suggests mild pulmonary vascular congestion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is moderately enlarged. No pneumothorax is seen.
Impression: Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Subtle right base opacity most likely relates to vascular congestion although underlying infection is difficult to exclude.assistant

Sample 486 Report:
Findings: Besides mild left basilar atelectasis, the lungs are clear. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 487 Report:
Findings: Persistent cardiomegaly with improved pulmonary vascular congestion but persistent moderate right and small left pleural effusion with adjacent basilar atelectasis and/or consolidation. Diffuse haziness in upper abdomen suggest the possibility of ascites.assistant

Sample 488 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No rib fractures are identified.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Although no rib fractures are identified, this study has poor sensitivity for detection of rib fractures. If there is further concern, dedicated rib views should be performed.assistant

Sample 489 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 490 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is clearly noted. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 491 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The osseous structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 492 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are grossly stable. No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Chronic deformity of the proximal right humerus with hardware is seen, but not well assessed on this study.
Impression: No focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 493 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Partially imaged is hardware in the proximal right humerus, not well assessed on the current study.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 494 Report:
Findings: Chest, PA and lateral. The lungs are clear. The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 495 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. Relatively low lung volumes are seen with secondary crowding of the bronchovascular markings. There is, however, no confluent consolidation nor effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 496 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates approximately 2.6 cm above the level of the carina. An enteric tube courses below the level the diaphragm, inferior aspect not included on this study, but likely courses at least into the stomach. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No large pleural effusion is seen. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: Endotracheal tube terminates approximately 2.6 cm above the level of the carina. An enteric tube courses below the level the diaphragm, inferior aspect not included on this study, but likely courses at least into the stomach. Clear lungs.assistant

Sample 497 Report:
Impression: ET tube is in standard position the tip is 3.4 cm above the carina. NG tube tip is in the stomach. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax. If any there is a small right effusion. Left subclavian catheter tip is in the cavoatrial junction/ upper right atrium, unchangedassistant

Sample 498 Report:
Findings: The new right IJ central venous catheter ends at the cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. There is mildly increased density at both lung bases, which is likely due to atelectasis, but in the right clinical setting could be due to pneumonia.There is no pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
Impression: 1. New right IJ central venous catheter ends at the cavoatrial junction. 2. Minimal bibasilar densities, likely atelectasis.assistant

Sample 499 Report:
Impression: ET tube in standard placement. Sharp definition of the cuff than indicates secretions pooling above it. Nasogastric tube ends in the stomach, left subclavian line ends in the upper right atrium, both unchanged. Right lung clear. There is some abnormality at the base of the left lung posterior to the heart, either consolidation or a small pleural collection. Right lung is clear. Pleural effusion on the right is small if any. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 500 Report:
Impression: Lungs essentially clear. Heart size top- normal. No pleural abnormality or evidence of central adenopathy. Nasogastric tube passes into the nondistended stomach and out of view. Left subclavian line ends in the upper right atrium. No pneumothorax or appreciable pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 501 Report:
Impression: A nasogastric tube terminates within the stomach. The heart size is normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications are seen within the aortic arch. There is no pneumothorax, focal consolidation, or pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 502 Report:
Impression: The tip of the endotracheal tube is 4.8 cm above the carina, appropriately sited. There is a left sided central venous line with distal tip in the cavoatrial junction. Lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. There is no pulmonary edema. Heart size and mediastinal structures are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.assistant

Sample 503 Report:
Findings: Intervalremoval of feeding tube. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No fractures.
Impression: No fractures or acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.If clinical symptoms persist, dedicated rib series is recommended due to higher sensitivity of that technique.assistant

Sample 504 Report:
Impression: Cardiac size is top normal. Bibasilar atelectasis have increased. If any there are small stable bilateral pleural effusions. ET tube is in standard position. Left subclavian catheter tip is at the cavoatrial junction. NG tube tip is in the stomach. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 505 Report:
Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous examination. Normal lung volumes. Unchanged monitoring and support devices no pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 506 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 507 Report:
Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection, including tuberculosis. Mild scoliosis is probably chronic.assistant

Sample 508 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Lung volumes are slightly low. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No significant change from the prior exam.assistant

Sample 509 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size.
Impression: Normal chest x-ray.assistant

Sample 510 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 511 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low, causing mild bronchovascular crowding. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 512 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 513 Report:
Impression: No previous images. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focalassistant

Sample 514 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. The lungs appear clear. Bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 515 Report:
Findings: Left-sided Port-A-Cath is present, tip over mid SVC. No pneumothorax is detected. The heart is not enlarged. Aorta is tortuous. No CHF, focal infiltrate or effusion is detected. Minimal bibasilar atelectasis noted. Calcifications over the lung apices may represent vascular calcifications. Possibility of a tiny right apical calcified granuloma cannot be excluded. Incidental note made of severe osteoarthritis in the right glenohumeral joint.
Impression: Port-A-Cath tip over mid SVC. No acute pulmonary process identified.assistant

Sample 516 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Positioning is lordotic. Given that, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 517 Report:
Findings: There is no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Moderate pulmonary edema is present. The heart is enlarged and this is stable when compared to the prior exam. The thoracic aorta is slightly ectatic. There is no evidence of pneumoperitoneum and osseous structures are grossly unchanged.
Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema without focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or aspiration.assistant

Sample 518 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate low lung volumes with associated basilar atelectasis. Underlying pneumonia cannot be excluded. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 519 Report:
Findings: No previous images. The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Specifically, no definite evidence of acute pneumonia.assistant

Sample 520 Report:
Findings: Heart appears to be normal in size and configuration. Trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable. Lung fields are clear with no evidence of focal infiltrates. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Bony structures show some degenerative changes, but are otherwise unremarkable.
Impression: Normal radiographic study of the chest.assistant

Sample 521 Report:
Findings: Median sternotomy wires are noted and are intact. Clips overlying the mediastinum are consistent with patient's prior CABG. There is cardiomegaly. There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 522 Report:
Impression: Since a recent radiograph from earlier today, a Dobhoff tube has been replaced with tip terminating in the proximal stomach. Exam is otherwise remarkable for worsening pulmonary edema with associated increase in size of right pleural effusion. Left pleural effusion and adjacent left lower lobe atelectasis have improved.assistant

Sample 523 Report:
Findings: The tip of the ET tube is at the thoracic inlet situated 5.2 cm above the carina. An enteric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm but the tip is not identified. No focal consolidation is identified. There is dilatation of the main and left pulmonary artery. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Mild perihilar vascular prominence with no overt pulmonary edema. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
Impression: 1. Tip of the ET tube situated 5.2 cm above the carina at the thoracic inlet. 2. Dilatation of the main and left pulmonary artery possibly related to known pulmonary embolism or underlying pulmonary arterial hypertension. Clinical correlation is recommended.assistant

Sample 524 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the tip of the nasogastric tube extends to the distal stomach. Otherwise little change.assistant

Sample 525 Report:
Impression: Right internal jugular line will be. . Are old healed pre study.assistant

Sample 526 Report:
Impression: As compared to prior radiograph of 1 day earlier, lung volumes are slightly increased with associated improved aeration at both lung bases. No other relevant changes.assistant

Sample 527 Report:
Impression: ET tube is in standard position. Right IJ catheter tip is in the lower SVC. NG tube tip is out of view below the diaphragm. Cardiac size is normal. Opacities in the right base and right apex are unchanged. There is no pneumothorax. This probably small right effusion. Faint opacities in the left base are unchanged.assistant

Sample 528 Report:
Impression: Since the prior radiograph of 1 day earlier, the patient has been extubated, and the left lower lobe atelectasis has developed. Cardiomegaly is accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and worsening edema it, with slight increase in size of small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. No other relevant changes.assistant

Sample 529 Report:
Findings: The feeding tube has been advanced with the tip in the body of the stomach. Right IJ catheter has been removed. Retrocardiac opacities have substantially improved likely resolving atelectasis. Small left effusion or pleural thickening is suspected. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Feeding tube is in the body of the stomach could be advanced at least 5 cm.assistant

Sample 530 Report:
Findings: The tip of a new left internal jugular central venous line is seen in the mid to low SVC. The tip of a right internal jugular venous central line is seen in the mid to low SVC. The endotracheal tube is appropriately placed. Otherwise, no interval change. No pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. The tip of a new left internal jugular central venous line is in the mid to low SVC. No pneumothorax. Otherwise, no interval change.assistant

Sample 531 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are remarkable for a tortuous thoracic aorta.No pleural abnormality is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 532 Report:
Findings: Minimal left base linear atelectasis/scarring is seen. There is no focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 533 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes have decreased with crowding of the bronchovascular markings. Central vascular congestion likely reflects volume overload. Bibasilar opacities, slightly asymmetric in left lower lobe can be asymmetric atelectasis or left lower lobe early consolidation. No substantial effusions. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Mild pulmonary congestion. Bibasilar opacities, slightly worse in left lower lobe can be asymmetric atelectasis with low lung volumes or early consolidation.assistant

Sample 534 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate no focal consolidation. Except for linear atelectasis in the right lower lung, the lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Pleural surfaces are normal.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 535 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate mildly low lung volumes with exaggeration of the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular crowding. Allowing for this, heart size is normal. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is mild interstitial edema. Mild linear atelectasis is noted at the left lung base. Overlying motion artifact on lateral view limits its utility.
Impression: Mild interstitial edema.assistant

Sample 536 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low. There is persistent atelectasis in the left mid lung. Left lower lobe opacities are not significantly changed. There is mild increase in pulmonary edema. Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged. There may be a small left pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. Mild pulmonary edema has slightly worsened. 2. Left lower lobe opacities which may reflect pneumonia and/or atelectasis are not significantly changed. 3. Atelectasis in the left midlung is unchanged.assistant

Sample 537 Report:
Impression: Probable left lower lobe pneumonia.assistant

Sample 538 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Mild patchy left base opacity is seen, which may be in the lingula, could be atelectasis; however, infection is not excluded. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: Subtle left base, possibly lingular opacity may relate to atelectasis, although infection is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 539 Report:
Findings: The lung volumes are low. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged. Patchy medial left basilar opacification has improved somewhat. Streaky bibasilar opacities more generally suggest minor atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: Improving left lower lobe opacity.assistant

Sample 540 Report:
Findings: A left-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the proximal right atrium. Large hiatal hernia is re- demonstrated. The cardiac silhouette size remains mildly enlarged. The aorta is diffusely calcified and tortuous. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. Streaky left basilar opacity likely reflects atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced fractures are seen. There are moderate multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Impression: Streaky left basilar opacity likely reflects atelectasis. Large hiatal hernia.assistant

Sample 541 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. A left-sided Port-A-Cath is again seen, terminating in the right atrium. The cardiac silhouette remains enlarged. Evidence of a large hiatal hernia is again seen and elevation of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. Mild bibasilar atelectasis is seen. There is no focal consolidation. Slight blunting of the posterior right costophrenic angle may be artifactual, although trace pleural effusion is not excluded. No overt pulmonary edema. The aorta remains calcified and unfolded.
Impression: 1. No focal consolidation. Slight blunting of the posterior right costophrenic angle may be artifactual, although trace pleural effusion not excluded. 2. Hiatal hernia. 3. Persistent cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 542 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs. No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. The heart is mildly enlarged, similar to prior. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A calcified and tortuous aorta is again seen. Left-sided Port-A-Cath terminates in the right atrium. Hilar contours are stable and unremarkable. Retrocardiac density noted containing an air-fluid level is compatible with a large hiatal hernia.
Impression: 1. No pneumonia. 2. Large hiatal hernia.assistant

Sample 543 Report:
Findings: Assessment is slightly limited by patient rotation. Left-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the right atrium. Heart size is moderately enlarged. The aorta is diffusely calcified and tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise grossly unremarkable. No pulmonary edema is seen. Patchy retrocardiac opacity likely reflects atelectasis. Lungs appear hyperinflated. Small left pleural effusion may be present. No pneumothorax is identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine.
Impression: Patchy retrocardiac opacity, likely atelectasis. Please note that infection is not excluded in the correct clinical setting. Possible trace left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 544 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Left surgical neck humerus fracture is better seen on dedicated shoulder films. There is chronic deformity of the proximal right humerus which is likely from prior fracture as well as partially visualized plate with transfixing screws in the distal right humerus.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 545 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Osseous structures are normal with costochondral calcifications noted.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 546 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No acute osseous abnormalities. Coronary artery stent is noted. Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 547 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable including mild cardiomegaly. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Streaky opacity suggesting minor scarring appears unchanged at the base of the right lung. The lungs appear otherwise clear.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 548 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. A faint linear density abuts the right heart border as on prior. Otherwise, lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 549 Report:
Findings: No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen. No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax is present. The heart size is normal. There is plate-like atelectasis at the right lower hemithorax. Surgical clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 550 Report:
Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is top normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Linear opacity within the right middle lobe likely reflects subsegmental atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Cholecystectomy clips are demonstrated in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 551 Report:
Findings: Heart size is borderline enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Except for linear subsegmental atelectasis or scarring in the right lung base, the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Cholecystectomy clips are demonstrated in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. .
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 552 Report:
Findings: No significant change from the prior radiograph. The lungs are clear. Linear right middle lobe atelectasis or scarring is unchanged. The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Heart is top-normal in size. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 553 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 554 Report:
Findings: There has been interval removal of a left PICC. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no pulmonary edema. The heart is top normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 555 Report:
Findings: Frontal radiographs of the chest demonstrate normal heart size. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fracture identified. The left chest wall AICD is unchanged in position.
Impression: Normal chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 556 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are slightly decreased, accentuating the prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged. Dual-chamber pacing lead project in stable position.
Impression: Stable cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 557 Report:
Impression: 1. Interval placement of a right subclavian PICC line which has its tip in the mid SVC. A left-sided AICD remains in place with three leads unchanged in position. The overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable given patient's rotation to the left on the current study. Lungs are well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. A few streaky opacities at the right costophrenic angle may reflect subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax is seen.assistant

Sample 558 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, a fiducial seed was placed in the right lower lung. The previously placed left Port-A-Cath has been removed and replaced by a right Port-A-Cath. There currently is no evidence of pneumothorax. Small parenchymal scar at the left lung bases, unchanged as compared to the previous exam. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. No pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 559 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest were acquired. Hazy opacification of both lung bases is thought to be secondary to overlying soft tissues. There is no focal consolidation. Engorgement of the mediastinal vasculature is not significantly changed. The heart size is top normal. There are no pleural effusions. No pneumothorax is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.assistant

Sample 560 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views demonstrate hyperexpanded lungs. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged. Heart size is mildly enlarged. There is no pulmonary edema. Aortic arch calcifications are again noted. Ill-defined bibasilar opacities are likely due to mild atelectasis and/or overlying soft tissues. There is diffuse osteopenia. Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 561 Report:
Impression: 1. The left subclavian PICC line has its tip in the mid SVC. Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours are difficult to assess due to marked patient rotation on the current study as well as an increasing left basilar airspace process. Given the focality of this finding, this either reflects partial lower lobe atelectasis in the setting of layering effusion or aspiration/pneumonia. Asymmetric pulmonary edema in the setting of underlying emphysema could also have this appearance. Clinical correlation is advised. Smaller layering right pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. The patient's mandible obscures the lung apices. Calcification in aorta consistent with atherosclerosis.assistant

Sample 562 Report:
Findings: An endotracheal tube is in place, terminating 6 cm above the level of the carina. An enteric tube courses through the esophagus, below the diaphragm, and into the stomach. The lungs are somewhat hyperinflated, with bibasilar atelectasis. Pulmonary vascular congestion, with asymmetric right greater than left peribronchial cuffing. The heart size remains mildly enlarged, unchanged. Calcifications are present within the aortic arch. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
Impression: 1. Monitoring and support devices are in appropriate position. 2. Pulmonary vascular congestion is asymmetrically worse on the right.assistant

Sample 563 Report:
Findings: No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen. There is blunting of the costophrenic angles which could represent trace effusions or pleural thickening. Flattening of the diaphragm and increased AP diameter of the chest is suggestive of COPD. Relative elevation of the left hemi-diaphragm is unchanged. There is mild cardiomegaly and tortuosity of the aorta. Note is made of dense calcifications at the aortic root. No pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 564 Report:
Impression: Since a recent radiograph of 1 day earlier, the patient has been extubated. 0 lungs remain severely hyperinflated with upper lobe emphysema. Subtle patchy opacity at right lung base may reflect atelectasis, aspiration, or an early focus of pneumonia. Followup radiographs may be helpful in this regard.assistant

Sample 565 Report:
Impression: 1. Possible small bilateral pleural effusions, which are difficult to fully evaluate due to overlying soft tissues. PA and lateral views would be helpful for further evaluation is patient able 2. Bibasilar atelectasis. 3. Stable minimal cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 566 Report:
Impression: ET tube in standard placement. Nasogastric drainage tube ends in the upper stomach would need to be advanced least 5 cm to move all side ports below the diaphragm. Mild to moderate cardiomegaly stable. Hyperinflation suggests emphysema. Large right hilus is chronic.assistant

Sample 567 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded, an a left retrocardiac airspace opacity is identified. There are probable small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. Mild cardiac enlargement is unchanged. Extensive calcifications are seen in the aortic arch.
Impression: 1. Mild cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions. 2. Left retrocardiac airspace opacity likely reflects atelectasis, although superimposed infection is difficult to exclude.assistant

Sample 568 Report:
Impression: There has been interval removal of a right subclavian central venous catheter. A right PICC terminates at the lower SVC. A Dobbhoff tube terminates within the stomach. The heart size remains normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged since the prior radiograph obtained at 20:08. There is no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. A small left pleural effusion is unchanged.assistant

Sample 569 Report:
Findings: There has been interval intubation with the endotracheal tube terminating 4.1 cm above the level of the carina. A nasogastric tube courses inferior to the diaphragm and extends beyond the imaged field. The heart remains mildly enlarged and there is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion. Bibasilar atelectasis and trace bilateral pleural effusions are noted. There is no pneumothorax identified. The upper lungs are grossly clear. No acute fractures identified. Note that the lateral aspect of the right hemithorax is excluded on this radiograph.
Impression: 1. Mild cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular congestion, bibasilar atelectasis, and trace bilateral pleural effusions. 2. Status post intubation with endotracheal tube in standard position.assistant

Sample 570 Report:
Findings: Single AP portable upright view the chest provided. There has been placement of a right subclavian central venous catheter with its tip in the mid SVC region. The endotracheal tube is again seen with its tip located 5.3 cm above the carina. The NG tube courses below the left hemidiaphragm, tip excluded from view. Right-sided interstitial opacity again noted which could reflect asymmetric pulmonary edema. The heart is mildly enlarged. No pneumothorax.
Impression: As above.assistant

Sample 571 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest are provided. Evaluation through the lower lung is limited due to underpenetrated technique. Allowing for this, no definite signs of pneumonia or CHF. No large effusions are seen. Aorta is unfolded. The heart size is within normal limits. The bony structures appear intact.
Impression: Limited, negative.assistant

Sample 572 Report:
Findings: Lungs are hyperexpanded but grossly clear. Heart is upper limits of normal in size and demonstrates left ventricular configuration, and the aorta is tortuous, without change. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 573 Report:
Impression: In comparison to prior radiograph of 1 day earlier, heterogeneous opacities throughout the right lung have worsened and are concerning for developing pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. Unilateral distribution of pulmonary edema in the setting of asymmetrical emphysema is considered less likely. If the diagnosis is in doubt clinically, followup radiographs after diuresis may be helpful. Exam is otherwise remarkable for slight increase in size of a small right pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 574 Report:
Impression: Overall unchanged exam. Stable minimal blunting of bilateral costophrenic angles may represent small effusions versus scarring.assistant

Sample 575 Report:
Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged. The aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. There is blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus but similar to prior studies, suggesting scarring. To a lesser degree, there is also blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus that appears unchanged. Hemidiaphragms are flattened suggesting mild hyperinflation. There is no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Stable appearance of the chest, without evidence for acute disease.assistant

Sample 576 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained. Lungs remain relatively hyperinflated. There is persistent mild blunting of the right costophrenic angle, and a trace pleural effusion cannot be excluded. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette remains enlarged with left ventricular configuration, similar to prior. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. Prominence of the right hilum is stable.assistant

Sample 577 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. There is no fracture.
Impression: 1. No acute intrathoracic process. 2. No fracture.assistant

Sample 578 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. There is mild unfolding of the descending aorta. The hila are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs are well-expanded and clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 579 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Heart size is normal. There is no pulmonary edema.
Impression: No pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 580 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Low lung volumes limits the evaluation. Allowing for this, no focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The heart appears top-normal in size. Right hilar prominence is possibly due to suboptimal technique. Mediastinal contour appears normal. No bony abnormalities. Gas-filled bowel loops project below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: Right hilar prominence could reflect bronchovascular crowding in the setting of lung volumes. Would recommend repeat exam with more optimized inspiratory effort. Mild cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 581 Report:
Findings: Low lung volumes accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which appears mildly enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Minimal streaky atelectasis is noted in the lung bases without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Moderate multilevel degenerative changes are seen within the thoracic spine.
Impression: Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 582 Report:
Findings: Upright AP and lateral radiographs of the chest show perihilar fullness and prominent indistinct vascularity most suggestive of mild to moderate pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation is identified convincing for pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.
Impression: Findings suggesting pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation convincing for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 583 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were performed. The cardiac silhouette is top normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar structures are normal. The lung volumes are low, however, there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 584 Report:
Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic processassistant

Sample 585 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate fully expanded and clear lungs. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: Normal chest radiograph. Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 586 Report:
Findings: Lungs appear hyperinflated. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Streaky opacities at both lung bases most likely represent atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 587 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. No pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 588 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The lungs are hyperinflated suggesting emphysema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. A rounded opacity projecting over the right midlung on the frontal view is most consistent with overlapping structures.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 589 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous image, the patient is of the bronchoscopy. There is no evidence for pneumothorax. Widespread bilateral parenchymal opacities are unchanged in extent and severity. Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 590 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. No interval development of pneumothorax is demonstrated after right lung biopsy. Multifocal opacities are re- demonstrated. No pleural effusion has developed in the interim.assistant

Sample 591 Report:
Findings: No previous images. The heart is within normal limits. There is no evidence of vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Specifically, no evidence of acute focal pneumonia. Right IJ catheter tip extends to lower portion of the SVC.assistant

Sample 592 Report:
Impression: As compared to the prior study heart size and mediastinum are stable. There is slight interval improvement in the right mid and lower lung opacities an overall unchanged appearance of the left mid and lower lobes. Upper lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is also possibility of interval both development of lower lobe fibrotic changes giving the retraction of the airways and vessels although the findings are better assessed with dedicated CT imaging.assistant

Sample 593 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased. The bilateral parenchymal opacities, multifocal in distribution and predominating in the mid and lower lung zones, have slightly decreased in extent and severity. No new opacities are visualized. No pleural effusions. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 594 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Multifocal mainly mid and lower lobe opacities are present on both PA and lateral view, with some peripheral and basal for disposition. There is no appreciable pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The findings although potentially representing infectious process, can represent other etiologies for example cryptogenic organizing pneumonia or drug reaction. Giving the patient history, further assessment with chest CT is required. There is no pneumothorax. There is no evidence of pulmonary edemaassistant

Sample 595 Report:
Impression: The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax, effusion, consolidation or CHF. There is scoliosis present in the spine.assistant

Sample 596 Report:
Impression: Low lung volumes. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette. Mild elongation of the descending aorta. No pneumonia, no pneumothorax, no pleural effusions. No evidence of TB.assistant

Sample 597 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation is seen. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: No significant change from the prior study.assistant

Sample 598 Report:
Findings: There is a dialysis catheter overlying the right chest with the tip in the cavoatrial junction. Heart size is stable. The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 599 Report:
Findings: Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. No definite focal consolidation is seen. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.assistant

Sample 600 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. Heart size remains at least mildly enlarged with a left ventricular predominance. The mediastinal contour is unremarkable. Crowding of bronchovascular structures is present without pulmonary edema. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged. Patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are mild to moderate degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine.
Impression: Low lung volumes with patchy bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflective of atelectasis. No pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 601 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. No pneumonia, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 602 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 603 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. The chest is hyperinflated. Bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 604 Report:
Findings: Increased interstitial markings is seen the lungs, particularly on the right in the mid to upper lung. Lung volumes are appropriate. There is a more focal region of opacity in the right mid lung laterally. There is no effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Findings suggest chronic interstitial process. More focal region of opacity in the right mid lung laterally could be related to prior VATS. Correlation with interval films should they become available would be of use.assistant

Sample 605 Report:
Findings: New right-sided chest tube ends at the apex. There is no visible pneumothorax. Subcutaneous air adjacent to the chest tube is moderate. The lung volumes are low which explains increased interstitial markings in this patient with known interstitial lung disease. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal. CONCLUSION: Right chest tube projects at the apex, and there is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 606 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. There has been interval removal of a right-sided PICC. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. No displaced fracture is identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 607 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. No definite fracture is identified. There is no evidence of a pneumoperitoneum.
Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. No definite fracture. If there is focal area of concern, dedicated rib series may be helpful.assistant

Sample 608 Report:
Findings: There is bilateral hilar engorgement and prominence of the central pulmonary vessels. Mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly is also present. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Findings compatible with pulmonary edema in the setting of mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 609 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate clear lungs without effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size, the mediastinal contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal.
Impression: Normal chest.assistant

Sample 610 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Some degenerative changes are seen, most noted in the mid thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 611 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen. Redemonstration of prior vertebroplasty.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 612 Report:
Impression: No relevant change. No pneumonia. No pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. No pleural effusions. The lateral radiograph reveals a status post vertebroplasty.assistant

Sample 613 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The patient is status post vertebroplasty/kyphoplasty at the lower thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 614 Report:
Findings: The lungs appear clear with normal lung volumes. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No hilar or vasculature abnormalities are identified. Lateral radiographs reveal patient is status post vertebroplasty.
Impression: 1. Post vertebroplasty. Otherwise, normal chest radiographassistant

Sample 615 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The lung volumes remain normal. Normal structure and transparency of the lung parenchyma. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 616 Report:
Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are no signs for focal consolidation or overt pulmonary edema. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.assistant

Sample 617 Report:
Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is visualized. There is evidence of prior kyphoplasty of T11.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 618 Report:
Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Prominent costochondral calcification projects over the right lung base.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic processassistant

Sample 619 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Vertebroplasty cement is noted within a lower thoracic vertebral body, unchanged. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 620 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis, and no focal consolidation is demonstrated. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is evidence of prior vertebroplasty within a total body at the thoracolumbar junction.
Impression: Streaky bibasilar opacities most likely reflective of atelectasis.assistant

Sample 621 Report:
Findings: Portable frontal view of the chest. The lung volumes are low. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bibasilar atelectasis, left greater than right. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar structures are unremarkable. The configuration of the trachea is unchanged from prior cross-sectional imaging.
Impression: Low lung volumes without an acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 622 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 623 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. No radiopaque foreign body.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 624 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Small bilateral cervical ribs are identified. No acute osseous abnormalities. There is no free intraperitoneal air.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. No free intraperitoneal air.assistant

Sample 625 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The frontal view is slightly limited given underpenetrated technique though allowing for this there is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. No overt CHF. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 626 Report:
Findings: Left PICC terminates in the proximal-to-mid superior vena cava. Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear except for minimal linear scarring at the lung bases. Radiodense foreign body is again visualized overlying the T10 vertebral body level.assistant

Sample 627 Report:
Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta again noted. There is minimal streaky atelectasis in the left lower lobe. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Cholecystectomy clips are again noted in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
Impression: Streaky atelectasis in the left lower lobe.assistant

Sample 628 Report:
Findings: 1 portable view. Lung volumes are low. There is hazy increased density at the lung bases likely representing pleural fluid. The retrocardiac area is not well penetrated and there is a suggestion of air bronchograms in the lower right lung. The cardiac silhouette appears large although cardiac size may be exaggerated by technical factors. Mediastinal structures are otherwise unremarkable. An endotracheal tube is present and terminates approximately 3 cm above the carina. A nasogastric tube is in place and terminates well below the diaphragm, off of the bottom of the image. A no other radiopaque catheter is projected over the lower left chest, with its tip projected over the left hilus.
Impression: Evidence for bilateral pleural effusions and consolidation or atelectasis in the left lower lobe. Prominent cardiac silhouette. Repeat examination with a better inspiratory effort and lateral view would be helpful.assistant

Sample 629 Report:
Impression: Enlargement of the cardiomediastinal silhouette has improved. Mild vascular congestion has improved. Small bilateral effusions have decreased. Left lower lobe atelectasis have markedly improved. There is no evident pneumothoraxassistant

Sample 630 Report:
Findings: ET and NG tube have been removed. Right-sided PICC line overlies proximal/mid SVC.No pneumothorax is detected. There are low inspiratory volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is similar to prior. There is patchy opacity at the left lung base and increased retrocardiac density, slightly more pronounced. Some vascular crowding is present at the right lung base. Small effusions would be difficult to exclude.
Impression: Low inspiratory volumes. Slight increase in opacities at the left lung base.assistant

Sample 631 Report:
Findings: Appliances in good position. Drainage catheter in place. Left basilar consolidation, similar. Increase cardiac silhouette, stable. Mild worsening right basilar opacity. Small right pleural effusion, similar.
Impression: Mild worsening right basilar opacity. Stable left basilar consolidationassistant

Sample 632 Report:
Findings: ET tube in situ with the tip just above the medial clavicles approximately 37 mm proximal to the carina. Right-sided PICC line in situ with the tip in the mid to distal SVC. No pneumothorax. NG tube in situ coursing out of sight inferiorly. Bilateral pulmonary venous congestion. Left lower lobe atelectasis with a small associated effusion. Mild right basal atelectasis with a suspected small effusion.
Impression: No significant interval change.assistant

Sample 633 Report:
Findings: There is been reaccumulation of a moderate left pleural effusion common new since the most recent previous study. There is likely also concomitant left basilar atelectasis. The right lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma is are noted in the right lower lobe. The aorta is tortuous but unchanged in configuration.
Impression: Reaccumulation of moderate left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 634 Report:
Impression: Previous left basal atelectasis has improved substantially following thoracostomy tube drainage. Only a small residual left pleural effusion remains. There is no pneumothorax. Right lung is grossly clear. Mild cardiomegaly is chronic.assistant

Sample 635 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Tortuous descending aorta is present. A left lower lobe consolidation a new and although might be secondary to pleural effusion that appears to be increased in the interim, infection is a possibility. Lingular atelectasis is unchanged.assistant

Sample 636 Report:
Impression: 1. Improving right middle lobe pneumonia, with mild residual opacity. 2. Worsening left lower lobe effusion with underlying collapse and/or consolidation. Possibility of a new site of pneumonia cannot be excluded. 3. Cardiomegaly and probable pulmonary hypertension. Background COPD noted. 4. Right upper zone scarring, not fully characterized. No definite associated nodular opacity. However, further evaluation with chest CT could be considered. Item #4 submitted to critical results dashboard.assistant

Sample 637 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Lungs are essentially clear. No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.assistant

Sample 638 Report:
Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy, and multiple mediastinal surgical clips and coronary artery stents are noted. There is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion, and the cardiac silhouette is stable in size. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcifications along the aortic knob are again noted. There has been interval removal of a right PICC. Left axillary surgical clips are also noted.
Impression: Mild central pulmonary vascular congestion.assistant

Sample 639 Report:
Findings: Median sternal wires are intact and in standard position. No acute focal consolidation. No pulmonary edema, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Mild cardiomegaly persists.
Impression: No acute pneumonia or pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 640 Report:
Impression: The patient continues to carry a right-sided PICC line. The tip of the line projects over the cavoatrial junction. No complications, notably no pneumothorax. Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette, the sternal wires and the lung parenchyma. The clips projecting over the left axillary region have been removed.assistant

Sample 641 Report:
Findings: Minor basilar and mid lung atelectasis is seen without definite focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The aorta is tortuous. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. No pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 642 Report:
Findings: A focal consolidation in the left lower lobe is consistent with pneumonia. No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. Normal hila and pleura. The heart size is normal. The mediastinum is unremarkable. No fractures.
Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.assistant

Sample 643 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Chain sutures are noted in the left upper quadrant of the abdomen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 644 Report:
Impression: The second image obtained at 15:51 shows the course of the top of catheter unremarkable. The tip is not included on the image. The other monitoring and support devices are unchanged. Unchanged appearance of the bilateral parenchymal opacities. Unchanged cardiac silhouette. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 645 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there is no evidence of pneumothorax. Diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacifications are again seen, consistent with severe pulmonary edema more prominent on the right. Coalescent opacification at the right base could reflect superimposed pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 646 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 647 Report:
Impression: -ET tube terminates 2.9 cm above the carina in grossly appropriate location. -Enteric tube courses inferiorly with distal tip projecting over the approximate location of the gastric body, with side port seen approximately 5.3 cm distal to the GE junction. -Unchanged appearance of bilateral diffuse airspace opacities, except for potential progression of left lower lobe atelectasis giving the left mediastinal shift slightly more pronounced than on the prior study. -Right-sided central venous line and PICC line are in unchanged position.assistant

Sample 648 Report:
Findings: A radiopaque material measuring 1.6 cm, likely a capsule endoscopy given history, is seen between the IVC filter and the armoured tip of transesophageal tube, which is in the mid to low stomach. Left large bore catheter terminates an right atrium, unchanged from prior. Right PICC terminates in the mid to low SVC, unchanged from prior. The lungs are well expanded and clear. No pleural abnormality is seen. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: Capsule endoscopy projecting over mid abdomen. Repeat abdominal radiographs are recommended for documenting passage. RECOMMENDATION(S): Repeat abdominal radiographs are recommended for documenting passage.assistant

Sample 649 Report:
Impression: Right PICC line tip is at the level of lower SVC. Most likely hammer dialysis catheter inserted on the right terminates at the same level. The above tube passes below the diaphragm with its tip at least in the distal stomach. There is no change in multifocal especially perihilar opacities but there is interval development of left lower lobe (increase) atelectasis. Left pleural effusion is noted.assistant

Sample 650 Report:
Findings: ETT in standard position with the neck in extension. Right IJ catheter tip projects over the expected region of the mid-low SVC. Right PICC line projects over the region on expected SVC-RA junction. Enteric tube and sideport traverses the diaphragm into the left upper quadrant beyond the scope of this image. Bilateral perihilar opacities persist with mild peribronchiolar cuffing. No edema. No pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Persistent bilateral airspace opacities.assistant

Sample 651 Report:
Findings: Bilateral pulmonary edema is worsening. Heart size is unchanged. Right PICC ends in the right atrium.
Impression: Worsening bilateral pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 652 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are unchanged compared to the prior study. There are persistent perihilar airspace opacities, similar in extent when compared to the prior study. Given the rapid development, this likely reflects pulmonary edema. There is left lower lobe atelectasis. . No pneumothorax seen. A right internal jugular catheter terminates in the distal SVC.
Impression: Persistent bilateral predominate perihilar airspace opacities likely reflecting pulmonary edema. Superimposed infection cannot be excluded.assistant

Sample 653 Report:
Impression: Feeding tube and right sided central venous line are unchanged position. There has been improved aeration of the diffuse airspace opacities and pulmonary edema since the prior study. Heart size is within normal limits. There are no pneumothoraces.assistant

Sample 654 Report:
Impression: Severe bilateral perihilar pulmonary edema has not improved. Pleural effusions are presumed, but not large. Heart size normal. Feeding tube passes into the stomach and out of view. Right jugular and right PICC lines both end in the upper right atrium and would need to be withdrawn 2.0 cm for repositioning in the low SVC, if desired.assistant

Sample 655 Report:
Impression: There is an endotracheal tube whose distal tip to 4 cm above the carinal. The Dobbhoff tube and the right-sided central venous lines are unchanged in position. There are again seen diffuse airspace opacities which are stable. Heart size is within normal limits. There are small bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 656 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. IVC filter is partially visualized.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 657 Report:
Impression: ET tube tip is 4 cm above the carinal. After passes below the diaphragm terminating in the stomach. Right PICC line is at the level of right atrium. Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of cavoatrial junction. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Interval improvement in perihilar opacities is seen but there is still present left basal atelectasis.assistant

Sample 658 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal atelectasis is seen in the left lung base. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No displaced fracture is visualized. Clips are seen within the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No definite displaced fractures are seen, but if there is continued concern for rib fracture, then a dedicated rib series is recommended.assistant

Sample 659 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal with unremarkable cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contour. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. The spleen is not enlarged.
Impression: Normal chest radiograph without evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection.assistant

Sample 660 Report:
Findings: The lungs are mildly hypoinflated with crowding of vasculature. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The aorta is tortuous. The heart, mediastinal contour and hila are otherwise unremarkable. No acute fracture.
Impression: No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 661 Report:
Findings: The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, stable since the prior examination. The mediastinal contours are stable the prior examination. There is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion, slightly greater than prior examination. These findings are accompanied by interstitial edema with peribronchial cuffing and several basilar septal lines. No definite consolidation is identified. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: CHF with mild interstitial edema.assistant

Sample 662 Report:
Findings: The heart appears mildly enlarged. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 663 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear of focal consolidation, effusion, or vascular congestion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Impression: Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 664 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The bony parts of the chest wall appear unremarkable. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette. Mild elongation of the descending aorta. The hilar and mediastinal structures are unremarkable. Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma. No pleural effusions. Pneumonia or pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 665 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Three radiopaque connected oblong structures are seen projecting over the expected area of the stomach, likely representing ingested magnets.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Three radiopaque connected oblong structures are seen projecting over the expected area of the stomach, likely representing ingested magnets.assistant

Sample 666 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated, though the diaphragms are not flattened. The heart is not enlarged. Blunting of the right heart border seen only on frontal radiograph likely reflects a mediastinal fat pad. The patient's known mediastinal mass, seen on multiple prior CT scans, is not well delineated radiographically. The aorta is mildly unfolded. There is minimal subsegmental atelectasis and/or scarring. No frank consolidation or gross effusion identified. Possible trace right pleural effusion. Small calcified and noncalcified nodules seen on prior CTs are not well delineated radiographically. Old healed right-sided rib fractures noted. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine noted.
Impression: Equivocal trace right pleural effusion and minimal atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute pulmonary process identified.assistant

Sample 667 Report:
Findings: Lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. Degenerative changes noted in the spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 668 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear of consolidation or vascular congestion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for technique. Blunting of posterior costophrenic angles could be due to trace effusions. Mid thoracic vertebroplasty changes are noted. No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Tubular structure in the right upper quadrant is most likely biliary.
Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process. Blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles potentially trace effusions.assistant

Sample 669 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are unremarkable. Surgical clips are again seen within the right neck. There is no pneumothorax, pulmonary edema, or pleural effusion. No focal consolidation is identified. Old healed right posterolateral and left rib fractures are unchanged compared to prior exams.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 670 Report:
Findings: The heart size is top normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. The aorta is tortuous. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia. Surgical clips again seen within the neck on the right. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Old healed right posterolateral rib fractures are unchanged compared to the prior exam. Healed left-sided rib fractures are also noted.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.assistant

Sample 671 Report:
Impression: 1. Interval extubation and removal of the nasogastric tube. The lung volumes remain somewhat low with patchy opacities at both bases, which could reflect atelectasis, possibly aspiration or contusions. No pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of pulmonary edema or pleural effusions. Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given portable technique. No acute bony abnormality appreciated.assistant

Sample 672 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.assistant

Sample 673 Report:
Findings: Low lung volumes. The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.assistant

Sample 674 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. The aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates diffuse atherosclerotic calcifications. Mediastinal and hilar contours otherwise are unremarkable. Previously noted nodular opacity within the lingula on CT is not clearly demonstrated on the current study. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities are seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 675 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Aortic calcifications are present. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 676 Report:
Findings: Portable chest radiograph demonstrates unchanged mediastinal, hilar, and cardiac contours. There has been interval development of bibasilar opacities likely reflecting atelectasis, though cannot exclude developing infectious process. Additionally, there has been interval increase in small right-sided pleural effusion.
Impression: Bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis. Increased small right pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 677 Report:
Findings: Lungs are slightly low in volume but clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. The heart is normal in size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 678 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 679 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear of interstitial or airspace opacity. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Multiple distended loops of colon are visualized in the upper abdomen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic disease.assistant

Sample 680 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no pulmonary edema. The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 681 Report:
Findings: Interval development of bilateral retrocardiac opacities, which could be due to clinically suspected aspiration, atelectasis, or developing infectious pneumonia. Widespread bilateral calcified pleural plaques are unchanged. Small-to-moderate right pleural effusion has increased in size, and a small left pleural effusion is apparently new. Distended loops of bowel in upper abdomen are incompletely evaluated on this chest x-ray but have been more fully evaluated by CT abdomen one day earlier.assistant

Sample 682 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of both hemidiaphragms. The previous bibasilar opacities have essentially cleared. The upper lung zones are hyperlucent with attenuation of pulmonary vessels and destruction of parenchyma, consistent with severe emphysema. No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen. Bilateral hilar enlargement is suggestive of underlying pulmonary hypertension. The heart size is normal.
Impression: 1. Interval clearing of bibasilar pneumonia. No additional new consolidation. 2. Lung findings consistent with severe emphysema, particularly right upper lung zone. 3. Bilateral hilar enlargement, likely secondary to underlying pulmonary hypertension.assistant

Sample 683 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Pulmonary artery dilatation is extensive. Bibasal consolidations have slightly progressed in the interim. No definitive pneumothorax noted.assistant

Sample 684 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 685 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia identified.assistant

Sample 686 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 687 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no pulmonary edema. The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 688 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient is of the biopsy. There is a small postprocedural pneumothorax on the right, without evidence of tension, and the a status post placement of a right chest tube. The tube is in correct position. The patient shows mild fluid overload and moderate cardiomegaly. No larger pleural effusions are noted.assistant

Sample 689 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen in appearance of the known postprocedural right pneumothorax. The postoperative parenchymal changes on the right, as well as a small right pleural effusion, are unchanged. Moderate cardiomegaly persists.assistant

Sample 690 Report:
Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the chest tube has been removed and the degree of pneumothorax is slightly increased. Otherwise, little change.assistant

Sample 691 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. There is minimal prominence of the interstitium which may be due to slight interstitial edema versus atypical infection. No lobar consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is top normal to mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Degenerative changes are seen along the spine.
Impression: Slight increase in interstitial markings could be due to minimal interstitial edema versus atypical infection. No lobar consolidation. Mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 692 Report:
Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Lung volumes are increased. There are persistent interstitial reticular opacities within the upper lobes bilaterally, better characterized on prior CT examination. There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes along the lower thoracic spine.
Impression: Upper lobe predominant interstitial lung disease, which could be due to chronic hypersensitivity pneumonitis or (if the patient is a smoker) smoking-related interstitial lung disease.assistant

Sample 693 Report:
Findings: A right chest tube is in unchanged position. A small right apical pneumothorax persists, similar in appearance to prior. Stable moderate cardiomegaly with improvement in pulmonary edema, now mild. A small right pleural effusion is present.
Impression: Unchanged right apical pneumothorax with chest tube in place.assistant

Sample 694 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low. Heart size is borderline enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is no overt pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No subdiaphragmatic free air is present. Punctate calcifications in the region of left upper quadrant may reflect ingested contents within the bowel.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 695 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Mild mid thoracic dextroscoliosis is again noted.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 696 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged. Heart size is normal. There is no pulmonary edema. Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Mild thoracic dextroscoliosis again noted.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 697 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 698 Report:
Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged. Allowing for technique, the lungs appear clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate degenerative changes are present along the thoracic spine.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 699 Report:
Impression: 1. Extremely low lung volumes with basilar opacities, right greater than left, possible atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. 2. Dilated small bowel in the upper abdomen. Possible ileus or obstruction. Consider dedicated abdominal imaging for assessment.assistant

Sample 700 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 701 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Right perihilar pneumonia has almost completely resolved, there are no new lung abnormalities. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The osseous structures are unremarkable
Impression: Almost completely resolved right perihilar pneumoniaassistant

Sample 702 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.assistant

Sample 703 Report:
Findings: Consolidative opacity in the right mid lung extends toward the pleural surface. The left lung is clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.
Impression: Right mid lung consolidation, consistent with pneumonia. Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.assistant

Sample 704 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is proof of complete resolution of a pre-existing right-sided pneumonia. The mediastinal and hilar contours on the right are now normal. There is no evidence of adenopathy on the current radiograph. Unchanged appearance of the left hilus and of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 705 Report:
Findings: Upright AP and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded, with no evidence of pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace opacification. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, and the cardiac size is mildly enlarged but unchanged. There is no subdiaphragmatic free air.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 706 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest show no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. Apparent widening of the mediastinum is felt to be secondary to rotation of the patient. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, specifically no evidence for aspiration.assistant

Sample 707 Report:
Findings: The lung volumes are noted to be slightly low. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen. The heart size is top normal. The ascending aorta is mildly prominent, unchanged from the prior exam, and may be secondary to aortic tortuosity versus mild dilation.
Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 708 Report:
Findings: There has been interval resolution of the previously seen mild opacity in the left upper lobe.Bibasilar linear atelectasis is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: Interval resolution of left upper lobe pneumonia. Linear bibasilar atelectasis is noted. No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 709 Report:
Impression: Mild opacity in the left upper lobe disc concerning for left upper lobe pneumonia. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Rest of the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. RECOMMENDATION(S): Followup of the patient 4 weeks after completion of antibiotic therapy for documentation of resolution of left upper lobe pneumonia is recommended.assistant

Sample 710 Report:
Impression: Lungs fully expanded and clear. Normal cardiac and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces. The configuration of the upper mediastinum, with mild relative widening to the left and no tracheal displacement is most commonly seen with a persistent left SVC, not a clinically significant finding.assistant

Sample 711 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 712 Report:
Findings: There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 713 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate well-expanded lungs. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Tiny linear metallic density projecting over the right breast likely represents a biopsy clip. No definite rib fractures.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No displaced rib fractures seen based on this nondedicated examination.assistant

Sample 714 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 715 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 716 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the left chest tube has been removed. The left apical pneumothorax has not increased.assistant

Sample 717 Report:
Impression: As compared to previous radiograph of 1 day earlier, right chest tube has been removed, with persistent tiny right apical pneumothorax and small right pleural effusion. On the left, a moderate apical pneumothorax is unchanged, but a basilar hydropneumothorax component is more evident, possibly due to positional differences between the exams. Interval improvement in extent of bibasilar atelectasis. No other relevant changes.assistant

Sample 718 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. Areas of mild left base linear atelectasis are seen. Particularly over left mid lung, between the posterior left seventh and eighth ribs, is a 7-mm nodular opacity, which may represent overlapping structures, however pulmonary nodule is not excluded and further evaluation with oblique chest radiographs is recommended. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Degenerative changes are seen in the right acromioclavicular joint.
Impression: 7-mm nodular opacity at the left mid lung for which further evaluation with oblique radiographs recommended.assistant

Sample 719 Report:
Findings: Lateral view somewhat limited due to overlying motion artifact. The lungs are low in volume. There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. A 1.2-cm calcified granuloma just below the medial aspect of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged from prior study. No pleural effusions or pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax. The inferior sternotomy wire is fractured but unchanged. Surgical clips and vascular markers in the thorax are related to prior CABG surgery.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 720 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is interval improvement in aeration of the right lower lung as compared with recent prior exam. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 721 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are normal. The bilateral hila are normal. A linear opacity in the right lower lung is compatible with platelike atelectasis. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 722 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: No pneumonia, edema, or effusion.assistant

Sample 723 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Bibasilar atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 724 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 725 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided. The lungs appear clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. No definite nodule or mass lesions are seen, though sensitivity of radiograph for small pulmonary nodules is low. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No signs of pneumonia or other acute findings to account for patient's chronic cough.assistant

Sample 726 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are slightly diminished with basilar atelectasis seen on the lateral view. No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen. No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax is present. The heart size is normal.
Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 727 Report:
Findings: The right subclavian central line tip overlies the proximal SVC, unchanged. Minimal interval change in the appearance of the lungs with low inspiratory volumes, and findings suggestive of pulmonary edema. There is however slightly increased aeration of the right infrahilar region. There is a persisting retrocardiac opacity likely secondary to atelectasis and/or a small effusion. No pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged.
Impression: Slightly increased aeration of the right infrahilar region. Otherwise no significant interval change.assistant

Sample 728 Report:
Findings: The ET tube terminates 3.1 cm above the carina. The enteric tube terminates in the stomach. The lung volume is small. No pulmonary edema. Increased pulmonary vascular marking is likely exaggerated by small lung volume. Left lower lobe atelectasis has increased. Left pleural effusion is mild. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.
Impression: 1. The ET tube terminates 3.1 cm above the carina. The enteric tube terminates in the stomach. 2. Worsening left lower lobe atelectasis and left pleural effusion. Otherwise stable chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 729 Report:
Impression: Left lower lobe opacities have increased consistent with increasing small effusion and adjacent atelectasis. Right lower lobe atelectasis is stable. There is no evident pneumothorax. Lines and tubes are in unchanged standard position.assistant

Sample 730 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that extends at least to the upper portion of the stomach where it crosses the lower margin of the image. Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with left ventricular contour lower. The degree of pulmonary vascular congestion appears less than on the prior study.assistant

Sample 731 Report:
Findings: Right subclavian PICC line tip overlies proximal SVC, unchanged. Again seen are low inspiratory volumes. As before, there is moderately severe cardiomegaly prominence of both hila upper zone two-view shin and diffuse vascular blurring, consistent with CHF and interstitial edema. Increased retrocardiac density is similar to the previous film. Opacity in the right infrahilar region is also overall similar. The right hemidiaphragm may be slightly better defined. Though there is likely some degree of pleural fluid, no gross effusion is seen on either side.
Impression: Continued cardiomegaly. Continued CHF with interstitial edema. Retrocardiac density and confluent opacity in the right infrahilar region are overall similar to the prior film. The differential diagnosis includes opacity due to alveolar edema, but underlying pneumonic infiltrates cannot be entirely excluded.assistant

Sample 732 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, there is an placement of a nasogastric tube that extends to the lower body of the stomach. Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with bibasilar opacifications silhouetting hemidiaphragms, consistent with pleural effusions and volume loss in the lower lobes. Some elevation of pulmonary venous pressure is again seen.assistant

Sample 733 Report:
Findings: ET tube is 5 cm above the carina. Interval placement of NG tube as well with distal portion traversing B on the diaphragm and extending beyond the lower margins of the film. Right subclavian PICC with tip in the SVC, position unchanged. Low lung volumes bilaterally. There is a new left mid lung opacity consistent with pneumonia. There is increased opacity in the left lung base obscuring the left hemidiaphragm consistent with left lower lobe collapse and pleural effusion. There is inferior displacement of the minor fissures consistent with volume loss and increased collapse of the right middle lobe. Cardiac size appears enlarged in this portable view but unchanged from previous. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: Left mid lung pneumonia Left lower lobe collapse with pleural effusion Increased right middle lobe volume loss and collapse ET tube tip is 5 cm above carinaassistant

Sample 734 Report:
Impression: Severe cardiomegaly cannot be assessed. Right pleural effusion and atelectasis have markedly improved. Retrocardiac opacity is a combination of atelectasis and effusion has also improved. Patient's chin obscures the apices of the lungs. The right central catheter tip is in the upper SVC. There are low lung volumes. . Enlargement of the hila bilaterally is unchangedassistant

Sample 735 Report:
Findings: Right internal jugular porta catheter terminates in the lower superior vena cava, with no visible pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Porta catheter placement as described above, with no evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 736 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Port-A-Cath resides over the right chest wall with catheter extending into the mid SVC region. The lungs appear clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 737 Report:
Findings: Left PICC tip terminates in the low SVC. Right-sided central venous catheter tip terminates in the low SVC. Low lung volumes are present. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Patchy opacities within the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis, with no focal consolidation identified. Small bilateral pleural effusions, more pronounced on the right, are new in the interval. No pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormality is seen.
Impression: 1. Left PICC tip in the low SVC. No pneumothorax. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions, new in the interval, with bibasilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 738 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Port-A-Cath resides over the right chest wall with catheter tip in the region of the mid SVC. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is top-normal in size. Mediastinal contours unremarkable. No acute bony abnormalities. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 739 Report:
Impression: Swan-Ganz catheter tip in the right ventricle. Mediastinal and chest tubes are in place. There are low lung volumes. There is mild vascular congestion. Right lower lobe atelectasis has increased, this is superimposed to known more chronic opacities in the right lower lobe and elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Superimposed infection cannot be excluded. Bilateral effusions are small. Moderate cardiomegaly is stable. Sternal wires are intact.assistant

Sample 740 Report:
Impression: There is persistent collapse in the right middle lobe. Right lower lobe atelectasis has increased. Cardiomegaly cannot be assessed. Right IJ catheter sheath is in place. Mediastinal and chest tubes are in place. Opacity in the left lower lobe is a combination of small effusion and atelectasis. Sternal wires are intact. There is no evident pneumothoraxassistant

Sample 741 Report:
Impression: Large left pleural effusion has increased. Right pleural effusion and right lower lobe and right middle lobe consolidations have increased. There are low lung volumes. Cardiomegaly cannot be assessed. There is no evident pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 742 Report:
Findings: Compared with the most recent prior study, lung volumes are improved and a moderate to large left pleural effusion is likely unchanged. There is mild associated bibasilar dependent atelectasis. Moderate cardiomegaly, numerous mediastinal clips, and a prosthetic valve are unchanged. The descending aorta is partially calcified and tortuous. An IVC filter is partially imaged. There is no focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. Mild biapical pleural thickening is similar. Probable splenomegaly is noted.
Impression: Improved lung volumes with a probably unchanged moderate to large left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 743 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Normal chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 744 Report:
Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrate mild dilatation as compared to the previous study, diffuse. There is also vascular enlargement, consistent with pulmonary edema. New right basal opacity concerning for interval development of atelectasis or aspiration is demonstrated.assistant

Sample 745 Report:
Impression: Minimally improved ventilation of the right lung basis. Mild pulmonary edema. Moderate cardiomegaly. Unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 746 Report:
Impression: Lung volumes remain exceedingly low with particular elevation of the right lung base. Volume of right pleural effusion is indeterminate, but at least small. Pulmonary vasculature and mild interstitial edema have not improved, but mediastinal venous engorgement has decreased. Heart size hard to assess, severely exaggerated by low lung volumes, probably not greatly enlarged no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 747 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were reviewed. Compared to the prior study, there has been slight interval increase in left lower lung linear opacities. The heart size is unchanged and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragmatic contour is unchanged. The bones and soft tissues are unchanged.
Impression: Slight interval increase in left lower lobe linear opacities that are most likely atelectasis but in the proper clinical setting could represent pneumonia.assistant

Sample 748 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. The cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm appears chronic. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures without overt pulmonary edema. Mild atelectasis is seen in the lung bases without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected. There are moderate multilevel degenerative changes seen in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 749 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were reviewed. Compared to the prior study, the left PICC line has been removed. A high right hemidiaphragm contour is unchanged. There are linear opacifications in the left lower lung. The heart and mediastinal contours are normal. There is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The bones and soft tissues are unchanged.
Impression: Linear opacity in the left lower lung is most likely due to atelectasis but in view of the clinical history pneumonia should be considered.assistant

Sample 750 Report:
Findings: Feeding tube is kinked and its distal end is in the duodenum. The lungs are clear. The patient with known calcified pleural plaques due to previous asbestos exposure. There was no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiac contour is normal. There is a stent in the biliairy duct. CONCLUSION: Feeding tube is kinked distally and ends is in the duodenum.assistant

Sample 751 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lower parts of the nasogastric tube are now visible. The tube is in post-pyloric position, with its tip projecting over the duodenojejunal fold. No evidence of complications.assistant

Sample 752 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Known calcified pleural plaques. Nasogastric tube in unchanged position. No acute disease, in particular no pneumonia, pleural effusions, or pulmonary edema. Unchanged size and appearance of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 753 Report:
Findings: There appears to be interval improvement of the moderate right-sided pleural effusion. There is also evidence of a right-sided fissural loculation of pleural fluid. There is also improvement of the left-sided atelectasis. No new focal consolidations are noted. Again seen is the large pleural calcification which obscures the upper right lung. There is no pneumothorax. The Dobbhoff tube terminates below the diaphragm in the upper stomach. Mild cardiomegaly is stable. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged.
Impression: Interval improvement of the moderate right-sided pleural effusion and left-sided atelectasis.assistant

Sample 754 Report:
Findings: Oblong opacity projecting over the right upper lung is compatible with calcified pleural plaque. The lungs are otherwise clear. No obvious effusion identified noting that there is exclusion of the right lateral costophrenic angle on the frontal view. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable given differences in projection.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 755 Report:
Findings: Compared with prior radiograph, there is no significant change in calcified pleural plaques. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There might be a small right-sided pleural effusion. There is no left-sided pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable. A Dobbhoff tube is again seen, which appears to end in the second portion of the duodenum, given its posterior course of the last portion in the lateral radiograph. A CBD stent is in place. There is no evidence of abdominal free air.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Dobbhoff tube appears to end in the second portion of the duodenum.assistant

Sample 756 Report:
Findings: Bilateral hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space consistent with known COPD. Focal opacity in the lingular lobe consistent with pneumonia with possible increased opacity of the left lower lobe suggestive of pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: Lingular lobe pneumonia with possible right lower lobe pneumonia.assistant

Sample 757 Report:
Impression: Hyperinflation reflects substantial longstanding COPD. No focal pulmonary abnormality is present and there is no pleural effusion. Heart size is top-normal, given the over expansion of the chest, but unchanged for several years.assistant

Sample 758 Report:
Findings: No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen. No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. A left-sided Port-A-Cath is in standard position with tip reaching the mid SVC. No radiographic abnormality is identified along the course of the port though this examination is not tailored to the evaluation of the soft tissues.assistant

Sample 759 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal lung consolidation.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 760 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are obtained demonstrating clear well-expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: Normal chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 761 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a similar eventration of the right hemidiaphragm which is moderately elevated anteriorly. There is again an unchanged calcified nodule suggesting a granuloma projecting over the right upper lobe as well as a suspected group of granulomas projecting over the left mid lung, also unchanged. Otherwise, the lungs appear clear. There has been no definite change.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 762 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A 6-mm nodular opacity projecting over the right upper lung is stable since priors. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged. The descending aorta appears tortuous. Heart size is top normal. Perihilar vascular congestion is noted. There is mild intersitial pulmonary edema.
Impression: No focal consolidation. Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 763 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified. Similar eventration of the right hemidiaphragm which is moderately elevated anteriorly is unchanged compared to the prior exam. A calcified nodule suggestive of a granuloma projecting over the right upper lobe as well as suspected group of granulomas projecting over the left mid lung are also unchanged compared to the prior exam. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.assistant

Sample 764 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. There is no significant interval change in the appearance of the chest. There is persistent anterior eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Again seen calcified granuloma over the lateral right upper lung. The punctate nodular opacity projecting over the left mid lung is also stable. No new consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable given differences in inspiration and patient position.
Impression: No significant interval change.assistant

Sample 765 Report:
Findings: There are bibasilar opacities, right greater the left. There is also bilateral effusions. The heart is mildly enlarged with mild pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax is seen. Prior rib fractures are noted.
Impression: 1. Mild cardiomegaly with mild edema. 2. Bibasilar opacities likely reflect pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis, right greater than left.assistant

Sample 766 Report:
Impression: Previous moderate pulmonary edema has improved, moderate bilateral pleural effusions have redistributed dependently, but probably not enlarged, and now obscure the right heart border. Opacification at the lung bases is probably a combination of atelectasis, dependent edema overlying pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. .assistant

Sample 767 Report:
Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present. Several left-sided axillary clips are re- demonstrated. No acute osseous abnormality is noted.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 768 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are well expanded and clear of focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Surgical clips project over the left axilla. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 769 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Surgical clips are noted over the left upper outer hemi thorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 770 Report:
Findings: Again seen is marked cardiomegaly. The hilar and mediastinal contours are otherwise unremarkable. No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures demonstrate no evidence of a fracture.
Impression: No acute intra-thoracic process identified. No evidence of a fracture.assistant

Sample 771 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Increased opacity over the spine on the lateral view may represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical context. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Increased airspace opacity over the spine could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical context.assistant

Sample 772 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is an acute fracture in the left posterior eight rib with new small pleural effusion and atelectasis. There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. No pneumothorax.
Impression: New acute fracture in the left posterior eight rib with an associated small pleural effusion and atelectasis.assistant

Sample 773 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 774 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable and unchanged. The lungs are clear. Incidental note is made of an azygos fissure. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 775 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. There is new consolidation in the left mid to upper lung which is concerning for pneumonia. Coarsened markings in the lower lungs may reflect sequelae of chronic aspiration. Right upper lobe appears partially collapsed. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.
Impression: Findings concerning for new pneumonia in the left mid lung.assistant

Sample 776 Report:
Findings: There has been continued interval improvement of the opacity at the right upper lung when compared to last month's exam. Faint left upper lung opacity is similar compared to recent exam which had developed since older exam. There is no new focal opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged given projection. Tubing projects over the left upper quadrant. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Continued interval resolution of the parenchymal opacity on the right with stable parenchymal opacity on the left worrisome for infection.assistant

Sample 777 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged. There is interval progression of multifocal consolidations in the right lung, substantial as well as unchanged or minimally worse appearance of the left middle lower lung consolidations. The findings are concerning for multifocal infection.assistant

Sample 778 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well-expanded, with no evidence of pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. On the frontal projection, just above the posterior right sixth rib, there is a linear opacity extending laterally, possibly a vessel, with a 4 mm nodular density just superior to the rib, not seen on the lateral view.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Possible right pulmonary nodule seen on the frontal view only may be artifactual. Non urgent shallow oblique radiographs are recommended to resolve this finding.assistant

Sample 779 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, the malpositioned nasogastric tube been removed from the left bronchial tree. However, it is seen on the final image coiling within the neck. There again are bilateral areas of opacification at the bases, more prominent on the right, consistent with aspiration or infectious pneumonia.assistant

Sample 780 Report:
Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is again seen an area of consolidation within the right upper lobe which appears more confluent. Additional opacities at the lung bases are unchanged. No pneumothoraces are seen.assistant

Sample 781 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right upper quadrant surgical clips suggest prior cholecystectomy.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic findings.assistant

Sample 782 Report:
Findings: Interval extubation and removal of nasogastric tube. Cardiomediastinal contours are stable. Multifocal areas of airspace consolidation involving the right lung to a greater degree than the left have increased in severity, and may be due to a combination of multifocal pneumonia and diffuse alveolar hemorrhage. Coexisting interstitial opacities have also slightly worsened with increasing peripheral septal lines bilaterally.assistant

Sample 783 Report:
Findings: Compared to the study from the prior day, there has been interval increase in the alveolar infiltrates. This increase is in the extent of the infiltrates and their density. Heart is moderately enlarged.
Impression: Worsened appearance of the infiltrates.assistant

Sample 784 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The massive bilateral parenchymal opacities are constant in appearance and SEVERITY. Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette. Unchanged monitoring and support devices.assistant

Sample 785 Report:
Findings: There has been interval worsening of the bilateral upper lobe infiltrates. continued infiltrates iare seen in bilateral lower lobes that appear similar or slightly improved compared to prior .right midlung infiltrate is slightly improved. Heart size continues to be moderately enlarged.
Impression: Changing appearance of infiltrates that are worse particularly in the upper lobes.assistant

Sample 786 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the apical and right predominant parenchymal opacities with air bronchograms and small foci of consolidation are seen in unchanged manner. The nasogastric tube has been removed, the other monitoring and support devices are in constant position. Mild cardiomegaly, no larger pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 787 Report:
Findings: Support and monitoring devices remain in standard position, and cardiomediastinal contours are stable. Multifocal bilateral areas of heterogeneous consolidation have worsened in the interval, suggestive of a progressive multifocal pneumonia coexisting with diffuse alveolar hemorrhage. A rounded lucency in the right upper lobe may reflect a region of spared lung parenchyma, but attention to this region on short-term followup radiograph would be helpful to exclude developing cavitation from necrotizing pneumonia.assistant

Sample 788 Report:
Impression: ET tube is still in standard position, cuff mildly distends the trachea, highlights secretions pooled above it. Severe multifocal consolidation, pneumonia, or hemorrhage has not improved. No pneumothorax. Pleural effusions are small, if any. Heart top normal size. Right jugular line ends centrally. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 789 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 790 Report:
Findings: Single upright view of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 791 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pneumothorax is seen. Probable small pleural effusions bilaterally noted only on the lateral view. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged. There is increased pulmonary vascularity bilateral but no evidence of pulmonary congestion or edema.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process or evidence pneumonia. Probable small pleural effusions bilaterally.assistant

Sample 792 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were provided. There are midline sternotomy wires again noted. The heart is mildly enlarged and there is mild interstitial pulmonary edema. No large effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures appear intact with DISH-related changes of the T-spine again noted.
Impression: Mild interstitial edema and mild cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 793 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 794 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits and unchanged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There is diffuse atherosclerotic calcifications noted within the aorta. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 795 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 796 Report:
Impression: No previous images. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no evidence of vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Specifically, there is no evidence of acute focal pneumonia or old healed tuberculous disease.assistant

Sample 797 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with an unfolded thoracic aorta again noted. Imaged osseous structures are intact.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 798 Report:
Findings: Again demonstrated is subtly increased opacity at the base of the right lung, similar in appearance to multiple prior radiographs. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable.
Impression: Opacity at the base of the right lung is not significantly changed from multiple prior chest radiographs however this could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 799 Report:
Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process. No evidence of tuberculosis.assistant

Sample 800 Report:
Findings: Lines and Tubes: None Lungs: Well inflated with linear left retrocardiac opacities, likely linear atelectasis. No lobar consolidation present. Pleura: Likely small left pleural effusion. Mediastinum: There is no cardiomegaly. Mediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Bony thorax: No interval change.
Impression: Likely small left pleural effusion with left lower lobe linear atelectasis. No lobar consolidation.assistant

Sample 801 Report:
Findings: There is a retrocardiac opacity which may reflect a developing consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours are stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The thoracic aorta is tortuous.
Impression: Retrocardiac opacity which may reflect pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. .assistant

Sample 802 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Lung volumes are low. There is mild right basal atelectasis. The heart appears mildly enlarged. The aorta is unfolded. No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No overt signs of edema. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: Mild right basal atelectasis, mild cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 803 Report:
Findings: There is new focal opacity at the right lung base with blunting of posterior costophrenic angle on the lateral view. Additional linear opacity slightly more superiorly is suggestive of atelectasis. The left lung is clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: New right lower lobe opacity compatible with pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.assistant

Sample 804 Report:
Findings: The heart appears mildly enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. The diaphragms are flattened suggesting a baseline state of hyperinflation, however, and there are suspected small pleural effusions, more prominent on the right than left side. Streaky opacities suggest minor atelectasis at both lung bases. Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.
Impression: Very small suspected pleural effusions with basilar atelectasis and low volumes. Mild cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 805 Report:
Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. Overlying EKG leads are present. Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm again noted. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic processassistant

Sample 806 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. Prior right-sided central venous catheter is no longer visualized. Low lung volumes are again noted. There is, however, new opacity at the right lung base. Somewhat linear left basilar opacity is seen suggestive of atelectasis versus scarring. There is no large effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is essentially unchanged. No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Moderately distended loops of bowel seen below the abdomen.
Impression: Right basilar opacity likely due to at least some atelectasis, noting that infection is also possible. Distended loops of bowel visualized in the upper abdomen for which clinical correlation suggested regarding need for additional imaging.assistant

Sample 807 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Atelectatic changes are noted in the lung bases. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is similar. No pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormalities are seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 808 Report:
Impression: No previous images. The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia. Of incidental note is a partial eventration of the right hemidiaphragm, of no clinical significance.assistant

Sample 809 Report:
Findings: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 810 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 811 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The lungs are clear bilaterally with no evidence of focal consolidation or pulmonary edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no evidence of free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 812 Report:
Findings: Low lung volumes contribute to crowding of the bronchovascular structures as well as bibasilar atelectasis. There are no focal consolidations worrisome for pneumonia. Cardiac size is borderline enlarged given the low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. No free air.
Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes.assistant

Sample 813 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 814 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change.
Impression: No change.assistant

Sample 815 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has developed a relatively extensive left lower lobe atelectasis, combines to a left pleural effusion and elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. The appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the right lung is constant.assistant

Sample 816 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right rib fixations are in unchanged position. On the left, a pre-existing pleural effusion and elevation of the hemidiaphragm has decreased in severity. However, the left hemidiaphragm is still elevated and areas of atelectasis and, potentially, a small left pleural effusion are still present. Retrocardiac atelectasis is unchanged.assistant

Sample 817 Report:
Findings: Left base atelectasis is seen. There is chronic blunting of the right costophrenic angle. Right-sided rib fixations and chronic rib deformities are re- demonstrated, similar in appearance. No large pleural effusion is seen. No pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: Streaky left base opacity is most likely due to atelectasis although infectious process is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 818 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate dextroscoliosis centered in the mid thoracic spine is unchanged.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 819 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. The lungs remain clear without consolidation, effusion or edema. Mid thoracic dextroscoliosis again noted. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 820 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Substantial scoliosis with asymmetry of the rib cage. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette, tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No pleural effusion. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 821 Report:
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.assistant

Sample 822 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation is seen peer there is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax peer The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: No significant interval change.assistant

Sample 823 Report:
Findings: Low lung volumes and AP technique result in exaggeration of the cardiac silhouette. There is mild engorgement of pulmonary vasculature without frank edema. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation.
Impression: 1. No pneumonia. 2. Engorgement of pulmonary vasculature without frank edema.assistant

Sample 824 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained. A right IJ terminates in the right atrium. Lung volumes are still low, but improved from prior study. The diffuse interstitial edema is also improved. Cardiomediastinal silhouette remains enlarged, but hilar contours and pleural surfaces are normal. A tiny left pleural effusion is present. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: Interval improvement in interstitial edema. To reposition the IJ line in the low SVC, it would need to be withdrawn 2cm.assistant

Sample 825 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change of the chest x-ray. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Multiple linear opacities reflecting atelectasis. Low lung volumes. No pneumonia. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 826 Report:
Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged. Prominence of the right superior mediastinal contour likely reflects tortuous vessels and is unchanged. The hilar contours are normal, and the pulmonary vascularity is not engorged. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormalities seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 827 Report:
Impression: In the interval, the patient has received a intra-aortic balloon pump. The tip of the pump projects approximately 1 cm be low the upper most portion of the aortic arch. No evidence of complications. No pneumothorax. No larger pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 828 Report:
Findings: As compared to chest radiograph from the same day, the IABP has been advanced and is now beyond the transverse portion of the aortic arch approximately 1 cm, near the origin of the LSCA. Swan-Ganz catheter remains in good position. Endotracheal tube is 4 cm from the carina. No overt pulmonary edema. Mild basilar atelectasis. Small bilateral effusions.Gastric distention is partial visualized.
Impression: the IABP has been advanced and is now beyond the transverse portion of the aortic arch approximately 1 cm, near the origin of the LSCA.assistant

Sample 829 Report:
Findings: A single portable AP semi-upright view of the chest was obtained. Cardiomediastinal silhouette including moderate cardiomegaly is stable. An ICD device is also unchanged in position. Interval development of increased opacification in the right lower lung probably reflects asymmetric edema and a layering effusion. The left lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax. Previously noted pulmonary artery catheter has been removed. There is interval placement of a right-sided PICC with tip terminating in the mid SVC.
Impression: 1. Increased right lower lung opacification probably relates to interval development of asymmetric edema and a layering right effusion, less likely pneumonia. Consider PA and lateral radiographs for confirmation. 2. Interval placement of a right-sided PICC with tip in the mid SVC.assistant

Sample 830 Report:
Findings: The Swan-Ganz catheter has been slightly withdrawn, with its tip now near the origin of the right pulmonary artery. The left-sided pacemaker/ICD is unchanged in position. There is a right-sided PICC ending in the mid SVC, as before. The lungs remain clear. Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged. There are no definite pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Slight interval withdrawal of the Swan-Ganz catheter, now ending in the proximal aspect of the right pulmonary artery.assistant

Sample 831 Report:
Impression: Swan-Ganz catheter ends in the mid portion of the descending right pulmonary artery. Severe cardiomegaly is stable. There is no pulmonary edema, pulmonary or mediastinal vascular engorgement or pleural effusion. Right jugular line ends in the mid SVC. The right PIC line is partially obscured by the pacer defibrillator lead, but yesterday 1 it was visible to the tip it ended in the mid SVC as well. The tip of the pacer defibrillator lead projects over the left lower the right ventricle. There is no pneumothorax or plate appreciable pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 832 Report:
Impression: Cardiomegaly is mild to moderate. Pulmonary vasculature is normal and lungs are clear. There is no appreciable pleural effusion. Transvenous right ventricular pacer defibrillator lead tip projects over the floor of the right ventricular apex. The course suggests it subtends the upper aspect of the tricuspid valve en route from the left pectoral generator.assistant

Sample 833 Report:
Findings: A portable semi-erect AP chest radiograph was obtained. There is cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema, as well as a right pleural effusion. No clear focal consolidation is seen, although pulmonary edema makes it difficult to exclude. No pneumothorax or intra-abdominal air is identified. There is no bony abnormality.
Impression: Pulmonary edema, right pleural effusion, and unchanged cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 834 Report:
Findings: There is moderate cardiomegaly as on prior. Engorged hila and indistinct pulmonary vascular markings suggest pulmonary edema. Given differences in technique and positioning this is not significantly changed. No acute osseous abnormalities. Surgical clips project over the left upper extremity.
Impression: Mild pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 835 Report:
Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. Overlying EKG leads are present. There is persistent mild cardiomegaly. Hilar congestion and moderate pulmonary edema is noted. Linear densities in the mid to lower lungs likely represent platelike atelectasis. Tiny effusions are likely present. No pneumothorax. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 836 Report:
Findings: There is at least moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The hila are unremarkable. Bilateral airspace opacities with a central predominance likely reflects pulmonary vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema, although superimposed infection is difficult to exclude in the appropriate clinical setting. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Impression: Bilateral airspace opacities with a central predominance likely reflect pulmonary vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema. Difficult to exclude superimposed infection in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 837 Report:
Findings: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Slight plate-like atelectasis at the right mid lung likely secondary to mild volume overload. Possible small right pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. The heart is moderately enlarged, unchanged compared to prior study.
Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Stable moderate cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 838 Report:
Impression: Moderate-to-large right pleural effusion, slightly increased from prior, with right basilar atelectasis. Mild pulmonary edema, unchanged.assistant

Sample 839 Report:
Impression: 1. No pneumonia. 2. Abnormal contour along the left heart with a corresponding increase in density on the lateral view. The differential includes but is not limited to absence of the pericardium, ventricular aneurysm or pericardial cyst. If no prior imaging is available, a CT would be recommended.assistant

Sample 840 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged. The lung volumes remain somewhat low. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Old right-sided rib deformities appear unchanged.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 841 Report:
Findings: All the monitoring devices are unchanged and in standard position. Lung volumes persist, low, now with new opacification of the right lung for increased pleural fluid. There is no pleural effusion on the left lung. Heart size is mildly enlarged.
Impression: New pleural effusion at the right lung. Unchanged all the monitoring devices.assistant

Sample 842 Report:
Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes remain low. As a result, the cardiomediastinal and bronchovascular structures are accentuated. The heart demonstrates a left ventricular configuration as before and the thoracic aorta remains tortuous. No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chronic rib deformities are unchanged related to prior fracture.
Impression: 1. No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. 2. Unchanged healed rib fractures.assistant

Sample 843 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. This accentuates cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular structures. The heart demonstrates left ventricular configuration and the aorta is tortuous. No focal areas of consolidation are present within the lungs, and there are no pleural effusions or acute skeletal findings.
Impression: No evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumonia.assistant

Sample 844 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for this factor. Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear. Multiple healed right rib fractures are present.
Impression: Low lung volumes. No evidence of pneumonia. If symptoms persist, repeat radiograph with improved inspiratory level may be helpful for more complete evaluation of the lung bases.assistant

Sample 845 Report:
Findings: The ET tube is unchanged, ending at 3 cm from carina bifurcation. The NG tube is unchanged and end in proximal gastric cavity. The Swan-Ganz catheter has been pulled back, ending in proximal main pulmonary artery. Lung volume are slightly increased, with reduced opacification of the right lung mainly for reduced pleural effusion. Persistent atelectasis and small pleural effusion left lung. Heart size is still markedly enlarged.
Impression: Improvement of the ventilation at the right base with reduced pleural effusion. Unchanged atelectasis and small pleural effusion on the left base. Heart size is still markedly enlarged.assistant

Sample 846 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views were provided. The lungs volumes are low. Allowing for this, the lungs are clear. No effusion, pneumothorax seen. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No bony abnormalities are seen. Clip in the right upper quadrant noted.
Impression: Limited, negative.assistant

Sample 847 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Left lower lobe opacity is improved in the interval. The right lung is clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. No acute displaced fracture is seen. Please note that this study is not optimal in evaluation of the thoracic spine or ribs. There appears to be old posterolateral right sixth rib and posterior right fourth rib fractures.assistant

Sample 848 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Old right-sided rib fractures. Moderate cardiomegaly. No pulmonary edema. No pneumonia, no pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.assistant

Sample 849 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. There is mild bibasilar atelectasis. There are low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings. Given this, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, as are the hilar contours. No overt pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: No significant interval change.assistant

Sample 850 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes, accounting for apparent atelectasis at the lung bases. There is no focal pneumonia, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax. Remote right rib fractures are again seen. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. CONCLUSION: No acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 851 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The lung volumes are low, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings. Given this, subtle bibasilar opacities most likely represent atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. There appears to be an old fracture of the posterior right fourth rib.assistant

Sample 852 Report:
Impression: Essentially unchanged compared to the prior film. Possible slight improvement in CHF findings. Possible slight worsening of left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation with increased visibility of layering right effusion. Right Swan-Ganz catheter tip now overlies the proximalmost right pulmonary artery.assistant

Sample 853 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided. The lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 854 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is tortuosity of the descending aorta Lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 855 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal with mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Aortic knob calcifications are noted. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. Lungs are clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 856 Report:
Findings: Nasogastric tube tip terminates at the thoracoabdominal junction, with the side port several cm above this level. Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance with persistent tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Lungs are grossly clear, and there are no pleural effusions or pneumothoracesassistant

Sample 857 Report:
Findings: As compared to the recent radiograph of 1 day prior, a nasogastric tube has been advanced into the stomach, but the side port is still above the level of the diaphragm. No other changes since recent study.assistant

Sample 858 Report:
Impression: Nasogastric tube is been advanced, now ends in the upper stomach with also reports beyond the gastroesophageal junction. Heart normal. Lungs clear. No pleural abnormality. Bilateral pectoral generators send leads superiorly and of view.assistant

Sample 859 Report:
Findings: This exam is limited due to the patient rotation. The lungs are hyperinflated. Atelectasis is seen in the right mid lung field. There is moderate cardiomegaly. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are noted throughout the spine, including a compression deformity at the thoracolumbar junction. Atherosclerotic disease of the major vessels is seen.
Impression: Limited exam due to patient rotation. No acute cardiopulmonary process. No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 860 Report:
Findings: The patient is severely kyphotic and is rotated. The lungs are clear with no definite focal consolidation. Atelectasis is seen at the right base. There is a probable hiatal hernia not seen on prior. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in configuration. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Severe compression deformity of likely L1 with retrolisthesis of the vertebral body above is similar compared to prior.
Impression: Limited exam without definite acute cardiopulmonary process. Specifically, no visualized focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 861 Report:
Findings: AP portable supine view of the chest. Evaluation is limited by low lung volumes and large body habitus. The lungs are grossly clear. Hila appear slightly congested. The heart and mediastinal contours appear mildly prominent likely due to supine portable technique. No supine evidence for large effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: As above.assistant

Sample 862 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No displaced fracture is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 863 Report:
Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest were reviewed. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are well expanded and clear. The right vasculature the normal limits. No displaced rib fractures are seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Specifically, no pneumothorax or displaced rib fractures.assistant

Sample 864 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Pacemaker leads end in the right atrium and right ventricle. Left shoulder degenerative changes.
Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.assistant

Sample 865 Report:
Findings: Frontal AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild right basilar atelectasis. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: No pneumonia, edema or effusion.assistant

Sample 866 Report:
Findings: Mildly increased density in the left posterior costophrenic sulcus may represent an early consolidation in the proper clinical setting. There is no pneumothorax, pulmonary edema, or pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
Impression: Mildly increased density in the posterior basilar segment of the left lower lobe may represent an early consolidation in the proper clinical setting.assistant

Sample 867 Report:
Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. Lung volumes are low limiting assessment. There is mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Hilar congestion is noted without frank edema. No large effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing signs of pneumonia. Heart appears top-normal in size.
Impression: Top normal heart size with mild hilar congestion without frank edema.assistant

Sample 868 Report:
Findings: Tracheostomy tube again noted. NG tube again noted, extending beneath the diaphragm to overlie the stomach. Right subclavian PICC line tip lies near the SVC/ RA junction, similar to prior. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Equivocal minimal upper zone redistribution, without other evidence of CHF. Patchy opacity at the left lung base again noted. However, there has been interval improvement, with the left hemidiaphragm now visible. Small left pleural effusion difficult to exclude, but this appears improved. Equivocal minimal right pleural effusion. The right lung remains grossly clear.
Impression: Interval improvement in retrocardiac opacity with some residual patchy opacity and probable small left and right pleural effusions. No overt CHF.assistant

Sample 869 Report:
Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis left greater than right have improved. Lines and tubes are in standard position. No pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly is stable. No new lung findings.assistant

Sample 870 Report:
Impression: Probable bibasilar atelectasis have improved on the right. No other interval change from prior study.assistant

Sample 871 Report:
Findings: A tracheostomy tube is present. A gastric tube extends into the stomach. The tip of the right PICC line projects over the upper right atrium. Increasing left lower lobe opacification which again may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. A small layering left pleural effusion is also suspected. No pneumothorax identified. The size of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
Impression: Interval placement of a tracheostomy tube. Increasing opacity at the left lung base may reflect atelectasis and/or pneumonia. A small layering left pleural effusion is also suspected.assistant

Sample 872 Report:
Findings: Increased solid aeration in the right lower lobe again seen. Retrocardiac density also present. ET tube is above the carina. Right PICC line in lower SVC. Left PICC line removed
Impression: Right lower lobe opacity increased since the previous film.assistant

Sample 873 Report:
Impression: ET tube tip is 4.2 cm above the carinal. NG tube tip is in the stomach. Right PICC line tip is at the cavoatrial junction. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Left lower lobe opacity is unchanged, consistent with known pneumonia. No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.assistant

Sample 874 Report:
Findings: The tip of the right PICC line extends to the upper right atrium. The left central venous catheter tip is unchanged projecting within the azygos vein. The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 2.2 cm from the carina. A feeding tube extends into the stomach. Improved aeration of both lungs. There is mild pulmonary edema. Bibasilar opacity likely reflect atelectasis although superimposed consolidation cannot be excluded in the proper clinical context. Small bilateral pleural effusions are suspected. No pneumothorax identified. The size of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
Impression: Improved expansion of both lungs. Mild pulmonary edema. A new bibasilar opacities likely reflect atelectasis however superimposed infection cannot be excluded in the proper clinical context.assistant

Sample 875 Report:
Findings: Right PICC seen with tip in the right atrium and could be retracted 3 cm for positioning closer to the cavoatrial junction. Left-sided central venous catheter with configuration near the tip likely due to its course within the azygos vein. Endotracheal tube tip 2.4 cm from the carina. Enteric tube passes below the field of view. Appearance of the lungs again notable for bibasilar opacities.
Impression: No significant interval change. Right PICC tip in the right atrium and could be retracted 3 cm for positioning at the cavoatrial junction. Left central venous catheter tip likely within the azygos. Persistent bibasilar opacities.assistant

Sample 876 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 877 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 878 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without infiltrate or effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. The bony thorax is normal.
Impression: Normal chest.assistant

Sample 879 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.assistant

Sample 880 Report:
Findings: Single AP upright radiograph of the chest was obtained. The lungs are slightly lower in volume but clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart is top normal in size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.assistant

Sample 881 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates unremarkable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours. Lungs are clear. There is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body of indeterminate age.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body of indeterminate age.assistant

Sample 882 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 883 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormalities are identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 884 Report:
Findings: There is mild prominence of the perihilar markings which may be due to mild vascular congestion. Subtle patchy basilar opacities could relate to fluid overload however, underlying infection and/or aspiration may be present. No pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.assistant

Sample 885 Report:
Findings: Overall, the lungs are better aerated compared the prior study and there has been interval decrease in previously seen pulmonary opacities. Subtle patchy left base retrocardiac opacity may be due to atelectasis versus infection or aspiration. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged. The main pulmonary artery is mildly prominent. No overt pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: Overall, the lungs are better aerated compared the prior study and there has been interval decrease in previously seen pulmonary opacities. Subtle patchy left base retrocardiac opacity may be due to atelectasis versus infection or aspiration.assistant

Sample 886 Report:
Findings: There is a small left pleural effusion. The heart is upper limits normal in size. NG tube tip is off the film, at least in the stomach.
Impression: Compared to prior study,no significant change.assistant

Sample 887 Report:
Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained. NG tube has been advanced, now terminating in a post pyloric position. Previously seen coil in the oropharynx is no longer visualized. Otherwise, unchanged exam since radiograph 1 hour prior.assistant

Sample 888 Report:
Findings: Left PICC has been repositioned since the prior radiograph but now terminates in the lower superior vena cava. A feeding tube remains in place within the jejunum. Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits and without change. Increasing left pleural effusion is small to moderate in size and accompanied by a left retrocardiac opacity, which may reflect atelectasis and less likely a focus of infection. Right lung is grossly clear.assistant

Sample 889 Report:
Impression: 1. Nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip likely within the jejunum. Lungs are well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusions or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.assistant

Sample 890 Report:
Impression: Heart size is enlarged. Mediastinal silhouette is normal. Both findings are similar to previous examination Faint right upper lobe opacity is present that might potentially represent developing or resolving infectious process. No evidence of pulmonary edema is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax Followup of the patient 4 weeks after completion of antibiotic therapy is recommended for documentation of resolutionassistant

Sample 891 Report:
Findings: Dual lead left-sided AICD is stable in position. There is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. Subtle prominence of the interstitial markings could relate to mild fluid overload, although atypical infection is not excluded. No lobar consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: There is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. Subtle prominence of the interstitial markings could relate to mild fluid overload, although atypical infection is not excluded. No lobar consolidation is seenassistant

Sample 892 Report:
Findings: Portable semi upright frontal view of the chest. The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. No acute soft tissue or osseous abnormality is seen. An old third left anterior rib fracture is noted. Known nondisplaced left 5th rib fracture is not seen.
Impression: No visualized pneumothorax on this semi erect film.assistant

Sample 893 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. No prior. Lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Patient is status post median sternotomy, compatible with history of VSD repair. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Osseous and soft tissue structures are otherwise unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 894 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable. Diffusely increased interstitial markings are chronic. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 895 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 896 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 897 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 898 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Hilar contours are stable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.assistant

Sample 899 Report:
Impression: There are no prior chest radiographs available for review. Lungs are fully expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.assistant

Sample 900 Report:
Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the tip of the PICC line is somewhat difficult to demonstrate. It probably extends to or just past the level of the cavoatrial junction and could be pulled back about 2 cm to definitely be within the superior vena cava.assistant

Sample 901 Report:
Findings: Study is slightly limited due to patient rotation. Additionally the left lung apex is obscured due to overlying soft tissue from the patient's neck and chin. The heart is mild to moderately enlarged. Calcifications of the aortic arch are present. There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Patchy opacity in the retrocardiac region could reflect atelectasis, but infection is not excluded. Eventration of the left hemidiaphragm is noted. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures.
Impression: Limited exam due to patient rotation. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Patchy retrocardiac opacity could reflect atelectasis but infection cannot be excluded.assistant

Sample 902 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal with mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Hilar contours are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 903 Report:
Findings: The lung volumes are low. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged allowing for differences in technique. There is pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 904 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided. Lung volumes are low. Allowing for this, the lungs appear clear. No effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 905 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation or pneumothorax. There is a small left pleural effusion or pleural thickening. The heart continues to be enlarged, and there is a left cardiac pacer device is with leads terminating in appropriate position. The mediastinal contours are normal. Outpouching of the left hemidiaphragm may reflect a hiatal hernia or eventration which can be better assessed with a conventional PA radiograph.
Impression: No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Small left pleural effusion or pleural thickening.assistant

Sample 906 Report:
Findings: Left-sided pacer device is re- demonstrated with leads terminating in unchanged positions in the right atrium and right ventricle. Severe cardiomegaly is unchanged. The aorta remains tortuous with atherosclerotic calcifications at the knob. Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar. Lungs appear hyperinflated. Linear opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of scarring and atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 907 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous image, no relevant change is seen. The pacemaker leads are in constant position. Moderate cardiomegaly persists. No overt pulmonary edema. No pneumonia, no pleural effusions. Moderate elongation of the descending aorta.assistant

Sample 908 Report:
Findings: Assessment of the lung apices is somewhat limited by the patient's neck and chin projecting over these areas. A left-sided pacer device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. Moderate cardiomegaly is re- demonstrated with a left ventricular predominance. The aorta is diffusely calcified and tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Patchy opacities are demonstrated within the right lung base, along with streaky retrocardiac opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is clearly noted. Moderate to severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are present along with chronic compression deformity of a mid thoracic vertebral body.
Impression: Limited assessment of the lung apices. Patchy opacities in the right lung base may reflect infection or aspiration in the correct clinical setting. Streaky retrocardiac atelectasis.assistant

Sample 909 Report:
Impression: Retrocardiac opacity is incompletely assessed and could represent atelectasis and or pneumonia. Please refer to subsequent CTA chest results for further details.assistant

Sample 910 Report:
Findings: Left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with a left ventricular predominance is again seen. The aorta is tortuous and diffusely calcified. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. Previous pattern of pulmonary edema has resolved. Minimal linear opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis. There has also been near complete resolution of the previously noted small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax is seen. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine with mild loss of height of a mid thoracic vertebral body anteriorly, which is unchanged.
Impression: Minimal bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis. No evidence for congestive heart failure.assistant

Sample 911 Report:
Findings: Overall appearance of the chest is relatively similar to the recent study except for worsening left retrocardiac opacity which probably represents a combination of small-to-moderate left pleural effusion and adjacent left lower lobe atelectasis and/or consolidation; additionally, patchy and linear opacities at the right lung base have also slightly worsened. Remainder of lungs are clear, and cardiomediastinal contours are stable.assistant

Sample 912 Report:
Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Previously demonstrated consolidation in the right perihilar location has resolved with only minimal area of scarring present. There are no focal consolidations demonstrated. Diffuse interstitial opacities are noted and most likely represent sequela of known sarcoidosis.assistant

Sample 913 Report:
Findings: There is faint opacity at the left lower lobe which may be atelectasis however pneumonia is also possible in correct clinical setting. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouette are normal size.
Impression: Faint opacity at the left lower lobe may be atelectasis, however pneumonia is also possible in correct clinical setting.assistant

Sample 914 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. No overt pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 915 Report:
Findings: The heart remains enlarged in size. There are new bilateral pleural effusions and moderate pulmonary edema. Worsening retrocardiac opacity persists and may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the correct clinical setting. Single lead pacemaker defibrillator is present with tip terminating in the right ventricle. A catheter is seen projecting over the lower left hemithorax.
Impression: New bilateral pleural effusions and moderate pulmonary edema. Left retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia in the correct clinical setting.assistant

Sample 916 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary processassistant

Sample 917 Report:
Findings: New veil like opacity of the left hemithorax with a crescent of air surrounding the aortic arch and keeping with left upper lobe collapse. The left hilum and mediastinum are enlarged. A small left-sided pleural effusion is seen. The right lung is clear. No pneumothorax. Marked scoliosis convex to the right.
Impression: Left upper lobe collapse, with large hilar mass and small pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 918 Report:
Findings: Compared with the prior radiograph, there is a persistent veil -like opacity over the left hemithorax, with a crescent of air surrounding the aortic arch, in keeping with continued left upper lobe collapse. Left hilum and mediastinum are enlarged, as seen on the prior study, compatible with patient's known mass with hilar and mediastinal adenopathy. There is a trace left pleural effusion. Right lung is clear without pneumothorax. Marked scoliosis the thoracic spine is again seen.
Impression: Persistent left upper lobe collapse, with a similar appearing large left hilar mass and trace left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax identified.assistant

Sample 919 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Left upper lobe consolidation is compatible with known malignancy. Right lung is clear. No pleural effusion is seen. Heart size appears normal. Mediastinal contour difficult to assess given the adjacent opacity. A prominent dextroscoliosis of T-spine is again noted.
Impression: Left upper lobe consolidation compatible with known malignancy. No significant change from recent prior chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 920 Report:
Findings: The lungs are moderately well inflated and clear. 0.7 cm calcified granuloma in the left lower lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate cardiomegaly is stable. Mediastinal contour and hila are unremarkable.
Impression: 1. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. 2. Stable moderate cardiomegaly. 3. 0.7 cm calcified granuloma in the left lower lung.assistant

Sample 921 Report:
Findings: 1.6 cm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule was better assessed on recent prior CT. Calcified left lower lobe pulmonary nodule is also re- demonstrated. No new focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are grossly stable.
Impression: Right lower lobe pulmonary nodule was better assessed on prior CT. No new focal consolidation seen.assistant

Sample 922 Report:
Findings: Right-sided dual-lumen central venous catheter tip terminates at the junction of the SVC and right atrium, unchanged. Mild cardiomegaly is similar. Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe is re- demonstrated. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 923 Report:
Findings: There left-sided PICC line has tip in the distal SVC. There are small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left which are new. . A calcified granulomas again seen in the left lower lobe there is no new infiltrate
Impression: New small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than leftassistant

Sample 924 Report:
Findings: Previously described right lower lobe consolidation has resolved. Heart size is unchanged. Lungs are clear without pleural effusions or pneumothorax. A left lower lung calcified granuloma is unchanged. The dual-lumen catheter tip terminates at the cavoatrial junction.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, specifically without evidence of consolidation.assistant

Sample 925 Report:
Impression: No relevant change. The known right pleural effusion with moderate basal atelectasis. The left minimal pleural effusion is also unchanged. Unchanged mild pulmonary edema and moderate cardiomegaly. No new parenchymal opacities.assistant

Sample 926 Report:
Findings: Heart size is mild to moderately enlarged. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications are seen at the aortic knob. Perihilar haziness with vascular indistinctness is compatible moderate pulmonary edema. Small bilateral pleural effusions are noted. 7 mm nodular opacity in the left lower lobe appears calcified, compatible with a granuloma. No pneumothorax is identified. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 927 Report:
Findings: A 2.6 cm rounded opacity is seen in the right lower lung. Increased opacity in the right lower lung abutting the right heart border is concerning for consolidation. Increased heart size may indicate cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. Small pleural effusions are new. A 6 mm calcified granuloma in the left lower lung is stable. A 1.2 cm calcified lymph node is seen on the lateral view. No pneumothorax is seen. The hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: 1. New infectious nodule, R lower lung 2. Opacity in the right lung base is concerning for consolidation. 3. Increased heart size may indicate cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. 4. Small pleural effusions are new.assistant

Sample 928 Report:
Findings: No significant changes compared to prior exam. The patient is status post right lung biopsy. Postsurgical changes are seen at the right lung base. Stable calcified granuloma in the left lung base. Small bilateral pleural effusions can't be excluded. Enlarged heart size is unchanged. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 929 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the severity of pulmonary edema has decreased. New are small bilateral pleural effusions, likely caused by lymphatic drainage of the edema. Subsequent development of atelectatic lung areas at the left and right lung bases. Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 930 Report:
Impression: Allowing for differences in radiographic technique, moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged. There is no pulmonary or mediastinal vascular engorgement and no edema or pleural effusion. Calcified granuloma at the left lung base is chronic. A right supraclavicular dual channel central venous line ends in the upper right atrium. There is no pneumothorax mediastinal widening or associated pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 931 Report:
Findings: A dual lumen hemodialysis catheter tip terminates at the cavoatrial junction. The heart is enlarged. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. There is a calcified left lower lobe granuloma.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 932 Report:
Impression: New consolidation in the right lower lobe is likely pneumonia. Lungs otherwise clear. Mild cardiomegaly is chronic. No pleural effusion. Dual channel catheter ends in the region of the superior cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 933 Report:
Findings: Right-sided central venous catheter is again seen with tip at the RA/SVC junction. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The left lung base calcified granulomas are again noted. There is no overt pulmonary edema. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 934 Report:
Impression: There has been some interval partial clearing of the right lower lobe infiltrate. Lung volumes are low and there compressive changes at both bases. The heart continues to be moderately enlarged. There tiny bilateral pleural effusions, smaller than on the prior film.assistant

Sample 935 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have decreased. There is unchanged moderate cardiomegaly and elongation of the descending aorta. The current radiograph shows mild pulmonary edema, as manifested by an increase in diameter of the pulmonary vessels in the perihilar lung regions. No pneumonia, no atelectasis, no pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 936 Report:
Findings: A single portable frontal view of the chest was performed. An overlying trauma board limits complete evaluation. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. There is no displaced rib fracture appreciated. A minimal dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is likely positional and unrelated to trauma. There is no paraspinal hematoma appreciated. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 937 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 938 Report:
Impression: There is slight improved aeration bilaterally. Endotracheal tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. The nasogastric tube tip is in the stomach. There are no new areas of consolidation. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 939 Report:
Impression: The endotracheal tube and nasogastric tubes are unchanged. There is linear atelectasis in the right mid lung zone. There is a persistent area patchy density in the left perihilar region there is a small left effusion. There is small area of patchy density in the right base. These findings are largely unchanged..assistant

Sample 940 Report:
Impression: Endotracheal tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. Nasogastric tube tip is correlate in the body of the stomach. There is no pneumothorax. There is patchy density in both lung bases more pronounced on the left. There is mild CHF.assistant

Sample 941 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were reviewed. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Again seen are several calcified granulomas in the right lung, seen on prior studies.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 942 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Low lung volumes with atelectasis at the right lung bases. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without overt pulmonary edema. Several known calcified granulomas. No acute infection. No pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 943 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of a relatively extensive right pleural effusion with subsequent areas of atelectasis. A minimal left pleural effusion is also present. Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema. Known calcified right upper lobe granulomas are constant. No evidence of new parenchymal changes. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 944 Report:
Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph was provided. There are unchanged findings as compared with prior radiograph from three days ago with stable right pleural effusion with probable associated compressive lower lobe atelectasis. There is a small left pleural effusion with subtle increase in left lower lobe consolidation, likely atelectasis. Please note pneumonia cannot be excluded. No pneumothorax. Heart size is difficult to assess but appears grossly stable, but mediastinal contour is unremarkable. Bony structures appear intact.
Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions with lower lobe consolidation is likely atelectasis, though cannot exclude pneumonia. Recommend followup to resolution.assistant

Sample 945 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided. There are low lung volumes with increasing right basal atelectasis. Calcified granuloma projects over the right lung base. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. Additional calcified granuloma in the right mid lung noted. No pneumothorax. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: Right basal atelectasis.assistant

Sample 946 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating clear well-expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Bony structures are intact. There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 947 Report:
Findings: Scattered linear opacities are compatible with bibasilar atelectasis. There is no large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. Cardiac size within normal limits. Aortic calcifications are moderate. There is a minimally displaced fracture of the 6 right posterior rib. A questionable deformity is also noted of the fifth lateral rib on the right.
Impression: Minimally displaced fracture of the right sixth posterior rib without underlying pneumothorax on this chest radiograph. Possible fracture of the fifth lateral rib as well.assistant

Sample 948 Report:
Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. The aorta is mildly tortuous with atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic knob. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal streaky and linear opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis. No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is identified. Mild degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 949 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates approximately 3.6 cm from the carina. Enteric tube is within the stomach though the tip is not imaged on this exam. Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormalities present.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Standard positioning of the endotracheal and enteric tubes.assistant

Sample 950 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is minimal improvement in ventilation of the right upper lobe. Otherwise, the pre-existing parenchymal opacities are constant in appearance. Despite a nasogastric tube, there is overinflation of the stomach. No larger pleural effusions are seen.assistant

Sample 951 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased, likely reflecting increased ventilatory pressures. All monitoring and support devices, including the large bore central venous device on the right, are in unchanged position. The areas of consolidation, located in the right upper lobe as well as the left lung base, and the focal parenchymal opacities at the right lung bases and the left perihilar areas are unchanged in extent and severity. No new parenchymal opacities. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 952 Report:
Findings: Supine portable radiograph of the chest demonstrates interval increase in size of left apical pneumothorax since the prior study. The left pigtail pleural catheter is unchanged in position. Gastric distention has decreased since the prior study. Otherwise, the right lung is unchanged.
Impression: Interval increase in size of left apical pneumothorax. A left pleural pigtail catheter is unchanged in position. Decreased gastric distention.assistant

Sample 953 Report:
Findings: Interval placement of an ECMO cannula via a right internal jugular approach and extending to the junction of the right atrium and inferior vena cava. No visible pneumothorax. Endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube remain in standard position. Widespread bilateral airspace opacities involving the left lung to a greater degree than the right have slightly progressed in the interval, and a moderate-sized left pleural effusion has also worsened.assistant

Sample 954 Report:
Findings: Frontal radiograph of the chest shows stable bilateral alveolar opacities with unchanged ECMO catheter, endotracheal tube, and enteric tube. The endotracheal tube tip projects roughly 8 cm from the carina, and appears different from the previous x-ray likely due to the patient's chin now being up. No pneumothorax is appreciated.
Impression: Unchanged appearance of lung parenchyma with no evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 955 Report:
Findings: Left pigtail pleural catheter remains in place. Interval increase in size of a moderate left apical lateral pneumothorax, with otherwise no relevant additional changes since the recent study performed approximately three hours earlier.assistant

Sample 956 Report:
Impression: 1. Interval intubation with the endotracheal tube with the tip at the thoracic inlet. There is worsening airspace consolidation in the right upper, right middle and lower lobes as well as within the left upper and lower lobes consistent with worsening pneumonia, less likely pulmonary edema. The airspace consolidation obscures the cardiac and mediastinal contours limiting evaluation. The stomach is incompletely visualized but appears to be distended with gas. There is likely a layering left effusion.assistant

Sample 957 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. There are large areas of consolidation involving the right upper lobe, left lower lobe and lingula as well as possibly the left upper lobe. No large pleural effusion is seen. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged, although not well assessed due to the adjacent left basilar and lingular opacities.
Impression: Extensive multifocal consolidations highly worrisome for multifocal pneumonia. Differential diagnosis would also include pulmonary hemorrhage depending on the clinical scenario. Recommend followup to resolution.assistant

Sample 958 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior study, there is no change in the bilateral lung opacities or the moderate-sized left pneumothorax. The left pleural tube is unchanged. The endotracheal tube tip is approximately 5.5 cm from the carina, unchanged. The right internal jugular catheter and enteric tube are unchanged.
Impression: Unchanged monitoring and support devices with endotracheal tube tip approximately 5.5 cm from the carina. No change in left pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 959 Report:
Findings: Left pigtail pleural catheter remains in place, with a persistent moderate-sized left apicolateral pneumothorax. Support and monitoring devices are unchanged in position. Widespread bilateral parenchymal opacification is consistent with history of ARDS, and may be complicated by pulmonary interstitial emphysema. Bilateral pleural effusions are unchanged.assistant

Sample 960 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are in constant position. No change in appearance of the parenchymal opacities and consolidations. No new opacities. Unchanged appearance of the visible parts of the cardiac silhouette. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 961 Report:
Findings: Frontal radiograph of the chest again demonstrates appropriate positioning of endotracheal tube, enteric tube, internal jugular line, and left pleural catheter. Compared to the prior study, there is no interval change in the left pneumothorax. Diffuse bilateral alveolar opacities continue.
Impression: No interval change in left pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 962 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Massive bilateral opacities consistent with ARDS. Unchanged monitoring and support devices. No larger pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 963 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. The consolidations and opacities in both lungs are constant in extent and severity. The monitoring and support devices are also constant. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 964 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained. Patient is status post prior aortic valve replacement with intact median sternotomy wires. The lungs are fully expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 965 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. Allowing for this factor, heart size and pulmonary vascularity are normal. With the exception of crowding of bronchovascular structures at the lung bases, lungs as well as pleural surfaces are grossly clear. If clinical suspicion for acute pulmonary process persists, repeat radiograph with improved inspiratory level may be helpful for more full assessment of the lung bases.assistant

Sample 966 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 967 Report:
Findings: Single portable upright chest radiograph demonstrate cardiomegaly. Heart size appears slightly increased compared to prior study, though this may be exaggerated by low lung volumes. Faint bibasilar opacifications may represent combination of atelectasis and portable technique. No opacification concerning for pneumonia. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax evident.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmoanry process.assistant

Sample 968 Report:
Findings: AP upright portable chest radiograph obtained. An AICD device is unchanged with lead tips extending to the right atrium and right ventricular regions. The heart remains mildly enlarged. While the lung volumes are low, the lungs appear grossly clear without large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: Limited, negative.assistant

Sample 969 Report:
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Minimal interstitial opacities seen in prior CT are below resolution of this radiograph.assistant

Sample 970 Report:
Findings: Left-sided pacemaker/AICD device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. Low lung volumes are present. There is mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette which is unchanged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. Bibasilar interstitial opacities are re- demonstrated, compatible with chronic interstitial lung disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Low lung volumes with bibasilar interstitial opacities compatible with chronic interstitial lung disease.assistant

Sample 971 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 972 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged. The lungs appear clear. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 973 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with the heart size within normal limits. Mild calcification of the aortic knob is present. The lungs are clear. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 974 Report:
Findings: The lung volumes are low. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion with widening of right upper mediastinal vessels, no overt pulmonary edema. Small left pleural effusion. Moderate cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small left effusion.assistant

Sample 975 Report:
Impression: In comparison to prior radiograph from earlier today, the patient has been intubated with endotracheal tube malpositioned within the right main bronchus near the junction with the bronchus intermedius. Exam is otherwise remarkable for worsening atelectasis in the left mid and lower lung and slight improved aeration at the right lung base.assistant

Sample 976 Report:
Findings: Compared to radiograph taken 47 minutes prior, the endotracheal tube has been pulled back to approximately 2.3 cm from the carina. Otherwise, there is no relevant change. Enteric tube courses below the diaphragm and out of view.
Impression: ETT terminates approximately 2.3 cm from the carina. No other relevant change.assistant

Sample 977 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated with a barrel chest configuration compatible with COPD. No focal consolidation is identified. There is a moderate-sized hiatus hernia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are otherwise normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Hyperinflated lungs compatible with COPD. No focal consolidation. Moderate hiatus hernia.assistant

Sample 978 Report:
Findings: There is a right chest MediPort in place with tip at the cavoatrial junction. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal. Contrast excretion is seen within the left renal collecting system.
Impression: No acute chest abnormality.assistant

Sample 979 Report:
Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are slightly decreased. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The trachea is midline. There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 980 Report:
Impression: Left basilar opacity could be aspiration.assistant

Sample 981 Report:
Findings: Single upright view of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion and mild asymmetric pulmonary edema in the left lung. Prominence of the left hilum is similar to prior. The patient is status post right upper lobectomy. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: 1. No pneumonia. 2. There is mild asymmetric pulmonary edema in the left lung.assistant

Sample 982 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Postoperative changes in the right lung are unchanged. Following right upper lobectomy there is unchanged mild rightward shift of the mediastinal structures. A surgical clip in the region of the right mediastinum is again noted and likely secondary to prior mediastinal lymph node dissection. The heart is normal in size and the mediastinal contour is unremarkable. There are no focal consolidations to suggest pneumonia. There is no pneumothorax or pulmonary effusion.
Impression: Stable post-surgical changes without evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 983 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate an area of worsening consolidation in the left lower lobe consistent with worsening infection. There is a small left-sided pleural effusion, not significantly changed from the prior study. There are stable post-operative changes seen in the right lung, including tenting of the right hemidiaphragm. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: Area of worsening consolidation in the left lower lobe consistent with worsening infection.assistant

Sample 984 Report:
Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. The patient is status post right upper lobectomy. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with prominence of the left hilum reflective of underlying lymphadenopathy, better assessed on the recent CT. Lungs are hyperinflated without focal consolidation. Known nodules within the left upper lobe and left lower lobe are better appreciated on the previous CT. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Status post right upper lobectomy. Known nodules within the left upper and lower lobes are better assessed on the recent CT as is the left hilar lymphadenopathy.assistant

Sample 985 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided. The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinal contour is normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 986 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Slight subpleural scarring is noted at each lung apex. Otherwise, the lungs appear clear. Aside from mild-to-moderate rightward convex curvature centered along the mid thoracic spine, bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 987 Report:
Findings: Supine portable chest radiograph obtained. Lung volumes are low, though there is no definite consolidation, or supine evidence of effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The bony structures appear intact. Moderate gaseous distention of the stomach is noted.
Impression: No acute abnormality.assistant

Sample 988 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 989 Report:
Findings: Again seen are multiple median sternotomy wires and mediastinal surgical clips. Aortic arch calcifications are again noted. There is stable mild to moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, including prominent soft tissue density in the region of the azygous vein. Opacification of the lower left lung likely relates to subsegmental relaxation atelectasis in the setting of a small left pleural effusion. Bandlike atelectasis is also noted at the right lung base medially. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. There is upper zone redistribution, without overt CHF. Minimal blunting of the right costophrenic angle without frank effusion. No pneumothorax detected. Slight asymmetry of the hemi thoraces is suggested, with the left lung apex lying above the right. The right hemidiaphragm is probably slightly elevated, but not significantly changed.
Impression: 1. Cardiomegaly, with upper zone redistribution, but no overt CHF. Increased soft tissue is again noted in the region of the azygous vein. 2. Small right and possible small left effusion. 3. Bibasilar atelectasis. No definite consolidation.assistant

Sample 990 Report:
Findings: The sternotomy wires appear intact and appropriately aligned. There are small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis, worse on the left. Mild interstitial pulmonary edema. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is stable. The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. No pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: 1. Small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis. 2. Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 991 Report:
Impression: Patient has had median sternotomy. Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is long-standing. Pleural effusion minimal if any. Pulmonary vascular congestion is mild and there is no longer any pulmonary edema or focal pulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 992 Report:
Findings: Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly. Normal alignment of the sternal wires. Unchanged mild pulmonary edemaassistant

Sample 993 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the Swan-Ganz catheter has been advanced so that the tip lies in the right pulmonary artery. Otherwise little change.assistant

Sample 994 Report:
Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the Swan-Ganz catheter tip has been advanced to the right ventricle with the tip pointing upward toward the pulmonary outflow tract. Otherwise little change.assistant

Sample 995 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable including cardiomegaly. Mild vascular enlargement is demonstrated but no overt pulmonary edema is seen. Bilateral pleural effusions are most likely present, small to moderate Old first rib fracture is re- demonstrated on the leftassistant

Sample 996 Report:
Impression: Right IJ central line is unchanged. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There are small bilateral pleural effusions and atelectasis at the right lung base. There are no pneumothoraces.assistant

Sample 997 Report:
Impression: Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly. Normal alignment of the sternal wires. Unchanged mild pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 998 Report:
Findings: There is a focal opacity obscuring the right heart border. The heart is markedly enlarged without overt pulmonary edema. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic arch are noted. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. Right middle lobe opacity obscuring the right heart border which may reflect consolidation in the appropriate clinical setting. 2. Marked cardiomegaly without overt edema.assistant

Sample 999 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinal contour is normal. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: No acute findings in the chest.assistant

Sample 1000 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Vague linear density in the right lower lung is most compatible with atelectasis. No convincing signs of pneumonia or CHF. No large effusion or pneumothorax is present. The heart size is top-normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Bony structures appear intact.
Impression: Mild right basal atelectasis. Top-normal heart size.assistant

Sample 1001 Report:
Impression: Support lines and tubes are unchanged in position. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is again seen a large area of consolidation within most of the right lung and left base, unchanged. There are no pneumothoraces.assistant

Sample 1002 Report:
Findings: Semi-upright portable view of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes, which accentuate bronchovascular markings. There is a small left pleural effusion. Left basilar opacities are noted. Mild perihilar vascular congestion is noted. Otherwise, hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Heart size is normal. Right internal jugular central venous catheter tip projects over mid SVC.
Impression: Small left pleural effusion. Perihilar vascular congestion. Bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis, however, superimposed infection cannot be excluded.assistant

Sample 1003 Report:
Impression: Feeding tube and endotracheal tube are unchanged in position. There is persistent dense consolidation within the right lung, stable. Consolidation at the left base is also seen and stable. There are no pneumothoraces. Heart size is within normal limits.assistant

Sample 1004 Report:
Findings: Cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion has slightly progressed in the interval, as well as bibasilar lung opacities, left greater than right. The latter likely reflect atelectasis, but differential diagnosis includes aspiration and developing infection in the appropriate clinical setting. Small left pleural effusion is unchanged.assistant

Sample 1005 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1006 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The chest is hyperinflated. The lungs appear clear.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 1007 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1008 Report:
Findings: The lungs remain hyperinflated. There is slight blunting of the posterior left costophrenic angle and a trace pleural effusion is not excluded. There is a nodular opacity projecting over the left mid lung, measuring approximately 1.1 cm, not seen on the prior study. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: 1.1 cm nodular opacity projecting over the left mid lung not seen on the prior study. Recommend outpatient chest CT for further evaluation for possible pulmonary nodule. Slight blunting of the posterior left costophrenic angle may relate to hyperinflation but trace pleural effusion not excluded.assistant

Sample 1009 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. The chest is hyperinflated. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. A fracture is noted along the distal clavicle on the left, better described on dedicated radiographs of the same day.
Impression: Distal left clavicle fracture. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 1010 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Dual-lead left-sided pacemaker is again seen with leads extending to the expected positions of the right atrium and right ventricle. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. There may be very minimal central pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: Possible minimal central pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1011 Report:
Findings: Dual lead left-sided pacemaker is seen with leads stable in position. Patient is status post median sternotomy. There is mild basilar atelectasis without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1012 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute fractures are identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1013 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1014 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 1015 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs and normal hilar and mediastinal contours. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal.
Impression: Normal radiographs of the chest.assistant

Sample 1016 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Impression: Normal chest radiographs.assistant

Sample 1017 Report:
Findings: There is minimal interstitial prominence including upper zone redistribution of pulmonary vascularity suggestin of pulmonary venous hypertension, but not to a striking extent. Linear left basilar opacity appears unchanged and suggests minor atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: Findings suggestive of pulmonary venous hypertension without frank congestive heart failure. Patchy left basilar opacity suggesting minor atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1018 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable given differences in inspiratory effort. Atherosclerotic calcifications seen at the aortic arch. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process. No focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 1019 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous image, the pre-existing parenchymal opacities at both lung bases have increased in severity and extent. The pre-existing accompanying pleural effusions are stable. More subtle opacities in the lung apices show a tendency to decrease. Unchanged calcific particle of 2-3 mm projecting over the trachea. Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette. Unchanged appearance of the hilar and mediastinal structures.assistant

Sample 1020 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes. Diffuse bilateral parenchymal opacities appear progressed from prior exam. Small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions are present. Heart is mildly enlarged. The hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Aortic arch calcifications are noted. Metallic density projects over the trachea, compatible with a foreign body.
Impression: Interval progression of diffuse patchy pulmonary opacities, compatible with multifocal pneumonia - cannot exclude a component of pulmonary edema. Pleural effusions, small - moderate.assistant

Sample 1021 Report:
Impression: Improved pulmonary edema which may account for the improvement in appearance of bilateral multifocal opacities.assistant

Sample 1022 Report:
Findings: A single frontal portable view of the chest was performed. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Opacification at the left lung base is new from the prior study. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. The hilar structures and pleural surfaces are unremarkable. The imaged upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.
Impression: New opacification of the left low lung raises concern for possible aspiration.assistant

Sample 1023 Report:
Findings: Trauma board and other overlying material limits evaluation of fine bony detail. The lungs are low in volume but otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size, normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. No definite fractures are seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1024 Report:
Findings: There are subtle, spiculated densities with possible calcifications seen within the right lung base, findings which may represent scarring. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or overt pulmonary edema identified. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. A displaced right midclavicular fracture appears to be chronic and demonstrates nonunion.
Impression: 1. Right lower lobe spiculated densities and possible calcifications. Findings may represent chronic scarring. In the absence of prior comparison examinations, non-urgent chest CT is recommend for further characterization. 2. Chronic, displaced right midclavicular fracture appearassistant

Sample 1025 Report:
Impression: ET tube in standard placement. Transesophageal drainage tube ends in the upper stomach, side port just above the GE junction, and would need to be advanced 5 cm to move all the side ports below the diaphragm. Lungs are essentially clear. Heart is normal size.assistant

Sample 1026 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Left basal consolidation and to a lesser extent right basal consolidations are present, concerning for infectious process. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1027 Report:
Findings: Interval increase in left lower lobe opacity which trace right pleural effusion. The lungs are moderately well inflated with bibasilar atelectasis. No left pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable. The aorta is tortuous. Visualized osseous structures are notable for an old right clavicular fracture.
Impression: 1. Increase left lower lobe opacity with trace right pleural effusion is worrisome for pneumonia or aspiration pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1028 Report:
Impression: Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits with unchanged tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. Lung volumes are low, and patchy and linear bibasilar opacities are likely related to atelectasis although coexisting aspiration is possible in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1029 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Complete collapse of the left lung with shift of the mediastinum towards the left. No change in appearance of the right lung. The monitoring and support devices are constant.assistant

Sample 1030 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the endotracheal tube has been pulled back. The tip of the tube now projects approximately 6 cm above the carina. The other monitoring and support devices are unchanged. Unchanged complete collapse of the left lung, with leftward shift of the mediastinum. No change in appearance of the right lung.assistant

Sample 1031 Report:
Impression: As compared to previous radiograph of 2 days earlier, pulmonary edema has in approved in severity and a small to moderate left pleural effusion has slightly decreased in size with associated improving adjacent left basilar atelectasis or consolidation. Left hilar mass is again demonstrated as well as left bronchial stents. A worsening patchy opacity at the medial right lung base could reflect atelectasis, aspiration, or developing infectious pneumonia. Short-term followup radiographs may be helpful in this regard.assistant

Sample 1032 Report:
Findings: As compared to chest x-ray from earlier same day, there is improved aeration of the left upper lobe. There is persistent left lower lobe collapse with associated effusion. Endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube in similar position. Minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe.
Impression: Slight improved aeration of the left upper lobe when compared to the prior.assistant

Sample 1033 Report:
Impression: ET tube tip is 1.5 cm above the carina and should be retracted 2 cm. . Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged in appearance.Compared to the prior chest radiograph performed 1 day ago there is improved aeration of the left lobe. Retrocardiac opacity and a probable left effusion persist.assistant

Sample 1034 Report:
Impression: The patient is intubated. The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 2.6 cm above the carina. The course of the nasogastric tube is unremarkable. The patient carries a left-sided central venous access line. There is complete opacification of the left hemithorax which shift of the mediastinum towards the collapsed lung, indicative of a atelectasis. In the right lung, there is minimal atelectasis at the right lung bases but otherwise the lung parenchyma is normal. No abnormalities noted along the rightassistant

Sample 1035 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Prior old rib fractures of the left fifth and sixth ribs are seen.
Impression: No acute cardio-pulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1036 Report:
Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is unchanged and top normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Mild calcification of the aortic arch is present. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormalities are present.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1037 Report:
Findings: Lungs are clear without any focal opacities, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. An expansile lesion involving the third right posterior rib is of indeterminate etiology. Please correlate for any clinical history of osseous malignancy (i.e. multiple myeloma) or prior imaging to assess stability.
Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Expansile lesion of the right third posterior rib of indeterminate etiology. Recommend clinical correlation for any history of osseous malignancy (i.e. multiple myeloma) and comparison with prior imaging to assess stability.assistant

Sample 1038 Report:
Findings: Compared to the chest radiograph obtained 4 days prior, lung volumes are lower. Diffuse, right greater than left opacities are increased. No large pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is not well evaluated. Dense aortic arch calcifications are noted. A left PICC terminates in the right atrium.
Impression: 1. Right greater than left pulmonary opacities have increased since 4 days prior, compatible with multifocal pneumonia. 2. A left PICC terminates in the right atrium and could be withdrawn approximately 5 cm.assistant

Sample 1039 Report:
Findings: AP portable semi supine view of the chest. A left upper extremity access PICC line is seen with its tip in the region of the lower SVC. Extensive bilateral pulmonary opacities concerning for pneumonia. Difficult to exclude a component of edema. No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Overall heart size appears relatively normal. Mediastinal contour is prominent likely due to supine position. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: Extensive bilateral pulmonary opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia, likely with a component of edema. PICC line positioned with its tip in the low SVC.assistant

Sample 1040 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous image, the patient has received a nasogastric tube. The course of the tube is unremarkable, the tip of the tube is not included in the image. The other monitoring and support devices as well as the appearance of the heart and of the lung parenchyma are unchanged. No evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1041 Report:
Impression: Evidence of failure, basilar pneumonia not excluded.assistant

Sample 1042 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing right pleural effusion has minimally increased. The resulting atelectasis at the left and right lung bases as well as the cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema persist. Blunting of the left costophrenic sinus, so that the presence of a small pleural effusion cannot be excluded. No new parenchymal opacity. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1043 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the extent of the pleural effusions has not substantially changed. The effusions are seen, in combination with moderate cardiomegaly and signs of mild-to-moderate fluid overload. Unchanged monitoring and support devices. No new parenchymal opacities. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1044 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Normal lung volumes. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. Minimal scarring at the lateral aspects of the right lung. No lung nodules or masses suggesting metastatic disease. No pleural effusions. No diffuse or focal lung parenchymal disease.assistant

Sample 1045 Report:
Impression: Heart size is normal. Aorta is tortuous. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1046 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Aorta is tortuous. Decrease in lung volume. However, the Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of metastatic disease in the thorax, within the limitations of chsst radiograph.assistant

Sample 1047 Report:
Impression: Low lung volumes exaggerate the extent of mild cardiomegaly and hilar size, but pulmonary arteries are dilated. There is no pulmonary edema. Pleural effusion is small, on the right, if any. Atelectasis at the right lung base is relatively mild.assistant

Sample 1048 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged but similar to the previous examination. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with similar enlargement of the pulmonary arteries bilaterally. Crowding of bronchovascular structures is present without overt pulmonary edema. Patchy atelectasis is seen in the lung bases without focal consolidation. Blunting of the right costophrenic angle persists, potentially reflective of a trace right pleural effusion. No left-sided pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis and possible trace right pleural effusion. Unchanged mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1049 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. The lungs appear clear. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Bony structures are unremarkable. There is no evidence for radiopaque foreign body.
Impression: No evidence of radiodense foreign body. Please note that glass is not always radiopaque.assistant

Sample 1050 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes remain high, likely reflecting overinflation. However, there is no other parenchymal abnormality, notably no evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. The size of the cardiac silhouette is normal. Mild scoliosis of the thoracic spine. Causes asymmetry of the ribcage. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.assistant

Sample 1051 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. The lungs appear clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The chest is hyperinflated. Mid thoracic interspaces are mildly narrowed. Very small anterior osteophytes are visible throughout the thoracic spine.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Hyperinflation.assistant

Sample 1052 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate interval removal of the right chest tube. Lungs are slightly under-expanded and are clear. No pneumothorax is visualized. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged. Left atrial prominence is again noted. Heart size is normal. No pulmonary edema.
Impression: Interval removal of the right chest tube. No residual pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1053 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrated chest tube projecting over right lung apex. No residual pneumothorax is visualized. Lungs are well expanded and clear. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged. Right atrial prominence is again noted. Heart size is normal. No pulmonary edema. Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: Right-sided chest tube projecting over right lung apex. No residual pneumothorax visualized.assistant

Sample 1054 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No evidence of rib fractures.
Impression: No evidence of acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1055 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing left-sided opacity is minimally improved. The opacities at both the left and the right lung basis are constant in appearance. No new all rib fractures. Moderate cardiomegaly with minimal fluid overload persists. Unchanged minimal pleural effusions. .assistant

Sample 1056 Report:
Findings: There is substantial cardiomegaly. A left lower lobe opacity is overall unchanged from the prior exam. There is likely a small right pleural effusion, which is unchanged. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. No other significant change from the prior study.
Impression: Left lower lobe opacity not significantly changed. No significant change from the prior exam.assistant

Sample 1057 Report:
Impression: Interval placement of a right-sided Port-A-Cath with the tip in the right atrium. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours appear stable. There is patchy linear opacity at both bases which may represent subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No focal airspace consolidation is seen to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusions, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1058 Report:
Findings: The lungs remain clear but hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A right Port-A-Cath is present with tip in the right atrium. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: Stable chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 1059 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance. Lungs again demonstrate linear areas of atelectasis at both bases. No new areas of consolidation are identified, but note is made of prominent central peribronchial cuffing, which could be secondary to bronchitis or aspiration in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1060 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear bilaterally with no opacities, suspicious for lesion or mass. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. The pleural surfaces are unremarkable. No adenopathy is appreciated.
Impression: No evidence of infection or malignancy.assistant

Sample 1061 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A right-sided Port-A-Cath terminates in the low SVC.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1062 Report:
Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis. No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1063 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. On today's radiograph, there is no evidence of pleural effusion. Minimal basal areas of atelectasis, but no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. The left and right central venous access lines are constant.assistant

Sample 1064 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. Relatively low lung volumes are seen; however, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation or effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Severe degenerative changes noted at the right shoulder. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.
Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1065 Report:
Findings: There has been significant interval improvement in the right basal opacity with minimal residual airspace opacity. Given the rapid change, this likely reflects area pulmonary edema. Prominence of the bilateral hila has slightly improved. Unchanged left lower lobe atelectasis. Probable mild cardiomegaly.
Impression: Interval improvement in the right basal parenchymal opacity, nearly resolved. Given the rapid interval improvement this likely represented pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1066 Report:
Findings: Low lung volumes. Cardiac size is top-normal . The lungs are grossly clear there are minimal right lower atelectasis. The main pulmonary artery is slightly enlarged. There is no pneumothorax or effusion
Impression: No pulmonary edemaassistant

Sample 1067 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. There is stable prominence of the bilateral hila. There is a right lower lobe opacity which is new from prior. Streaky left lower lobe opacity likely reflects atelectasis. Small right pleural effusion. No pneumothorax seen.
Impression: New right lower lobe opacity concerning for pneumonia or aspiration. Small right pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1068 Report:
Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged with a left ventricular configuration. The aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Mild degenerative changes are noted along the thoracic spine.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 1069 Report:
Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size with a left ventricular configuration. The aorta is unfolded and calcified. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Mild degenerative changes along the lower thoracic spine appear stable.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 1070 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube is seen terminating approximately 5.7 cm above the level of the carina. Enteric tube is seen, distal aspect not included on the image, though it appears to course below the level of the diaphragm. Right upper lobe pulmonary nodule, scarring and emphysematous changes are better assessed on subsequent CT. Moderate basilar atelectasis. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.assistant

Sample 1071 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube has been removed. The lung volumes have decreased and small pleural effusions continue to be visualized bilaterally. Moderate cardiomegaly. Minimal fluid overload. No pneumothorax. Atelectasis at the lung bases but no evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1072 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate stable cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricle enlargement. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax present.
Impression: Stable moderate cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricle enlargement.assistant

Sample 1073 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided. The heart is mildly enlarged, though this is stable. Lungs are clear without signs of pneumonia or CHF. No effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The bony structures are intact. Mediastinal contour is stable. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: Mild cardiomegaly, stable. Otherwise, unremarkable exam.assistant

Sample 1074 Report:
Findings: The lungs are grossly clear. There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. Thoracic kyphosis is re-demonstrated. Cardiac monitoring device again projects over the left lower chest.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1075 Report:
Impression: A left PIC line ends close to the superior cavoatrial junction. Lung volumes are low but no focal pulmonary abnormality is seen. There is no pulmonary edema or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. Widening of the mediastinum is largely due to venous engorgement.assistant

Sample 1076 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the previously overinflated stomach was decompressed with a nasogastric tube. The course of the tube is unremarkable, the tip of the tube projects over the middle parts of the stomach. There is no evidence of complications, no pneumothorax. Bilateral areas of atelectasis with, potentially, a small left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1077 Report:
Impression: The lung volumes are low. No evidence of pleural effusions. No basilar atelectasis. Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1078 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are decreased, accentuating the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular structures. Bibasilar atelectasis however has increased. No significant intra-abdominal free air identified in this portable chest radiograph. No focal consolidation identified. There is gastric distention.
Impression: 1. No significant intra-abdominal free air identified in this portable chest radiograph. However examination is limited by patient positioning. If feasible and patient can tolerate it, a true upright examination should be obtained for complete evaluation. 2. Gastric distention.assistant

Sample 1079 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous image, the nasogastric tube was removed. The left PICC line remains in place. Minimal left pleural effusion with left retrocardiac atelectasis. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. Normal size of the heart.assistant

Sample 1080 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1081 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. A pacemaker is present with the leads in the right atrium and right ventricle.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1082 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1083 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained. There is mild bibasilar atelectasis fat but no focal opacity is identified. The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged without frank pulmonary edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly without frank pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1084 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Normal chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 1085 Report:
Findings: Supine portable AP view of the chest was provided. The tip of the endotracheal tube resides approximately 4 cm above the carina. The NG tube courses into the left upper abdomen, tip excluded from view. There is consolidation at the left lung base which likely represents a combination of effusion and possibly aspiration/atelectasis. The right lung appears grossly clear. Heart size cannot be readily assessed. Mediastinal contour appears normal. A right humeral head replacement is noted. Degenerative changes are severe at the left glenohumeral joint.
Impression: ET and NG tubes positioned appropriately. Opacity at the left lung base likely reflects atelectasis, aspiration, and effusion.assistant

Sample 1086 Report:
Findings: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion with mild to moderate interstitial pulmonary edema are new compared with the prior study. Mild cardiomegaly has increased compared with the immediate prior study. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation. The cardiomediastinal contour is stable The osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
Impression: New mild pulmonary vascular congestion with mild to moderate interstitial pulmonary edema and increased mild cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 1087 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are well-expanded and clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. A small nodular density at the right lung apex is noted, which may represent costochondral cartilage of the first rib or a nodule. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. There is no acute osseous abnormality.
Impression: Nodular opacity at the right apex, which may represent costochondral cartilage versus an nodule. Shallow oblique films are recommended for further evaluation.assistant

Sample 1088 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. No evidence of pneumonia. The lung parenchyma shows normal structure and transparency. No pleural effusions. No other acute changes. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Known mild colonic distention.assistant

Sample 1089 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest shows clear lungs with no focal opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. There are prominent gas-filled loops of bowel in the abdomen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1090 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The osseous structures are unremarkable
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalitiesassistant

Sample 1091 Report:
Findings: Upright PA and lateral radiographs of the chest. The lungs are normally expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Unremarkable radiographs of the chest.assistant

Sample 1092 Report:
Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph obtained. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No pneumothorax or signs of pneumomediastinum. Heart and cardiomediastinal contour is normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1093 Report:
Findings: Chest PA and lateral radiograph demonstrates unremarkable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. No fractures present.
Impression: Normal chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 1094 Report:
Findings: The lungs are fully expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1095 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax, focal consolidation, or pleural effusion.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1096 Report:
Impression: Endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube are in standard position, and cardiomediastinal contours are stable. Interval improvement in extent of left lower lobe opacification. With persistent adjacent small left pleural effusion. Otherwise no relevant change since recent exam of earlier today.assistant

Sample 1097 Report:
Findings: Supine portable AP view of the chest was provided. The endotracheal tube is seen with its tip residing approximately 3.7 cm above the carina. An NG tube is seen extending along the midline with its tip coiled in the distal esophagus and the distal tip extending cephalexin in the mid esophagus region. This positioning is unchanged from prior exam. Please advance for more optimal positioning. Since the prior exam, there is again noted to be extensive pulmonary airspace consolidation, slightly more confluent in the right lung, concerning for pneumonia. Air bronchograms are noted in the left lower lobe. Bony structures are intact. The possibility of pulmonary edema is also raised. No large effusions are seen. Old right clavicular deformity noted.
Impression: 1. Endotracheal tube positioned appropriately. 2. Malpositioned nasogastric tube with tip coiled in the distal esophagus. Please advance for more optimal positioning. 3. Diffuse pulmonary airspace consolidation concerning for pneumonia and/or pulmonary edema. Findings posted and flagged to ED dashboard at the time of this dictation.assistant

Sample 1098 Report:
Findings: 2 views were obtained of the chest. The right central venous catheter has been removed. There is also a substantial decrease in the bilateral parenchymal opacities. The lungs are hyper expanded without focal consolidation. Small left and trace right effusions are noted with faint retrocardiac atelectasis. The heart is normal in size with normal mediastinal and hilar contours.
Impression: Small left and trace right pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1099 Report:
Findings: The right internal jugular central venous catheter still ends in mid SVC. Endotracheal tube tip 5.5cm above the carina is in standard position. An upper enteric tube passes into the stomach and out of view. Perihilar opacification, right greater than left is unchanged as is mild edema. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Bilateral perihilar opacification and mild edema are unchanged. Endotracheal tube and other lines in appropriate position.assistant

Sample 1100 Report:
Findings: Interval removal of endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube with central venous catheter remaining in place. Slight improvement in widespread bilateral parenchymal opacities, and apparent decrease in size of bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1101 Report:
Findings: The monitoring and support devices are constant. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with extensive bilateral parenchymal opacities. The opacities have not decreased in severity and extent. No larger pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Unchanged appearance of mediastinal and hilar structures.assistant

Sample 1102 Report:
Impression: Interval clearing of multifocal pneumoniaassistant

Sample 1103 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate obscuration of the right heart border which is likely due to the pectus excavatum deformity. No definite sign of pneumonia or CHF. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen. Heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. Obscuration of the right hemidiaphragm due to pectus excavatum deformity.assistant

Sample 1104 Report:
Findings: CARDIOMEDIASTINAL CONTOURS ARE NORMAL. LUNGS ARE CLEAR EXCEPT FOR A FOCAL LINEAR SCARRING IN THE LEFT LOWER LOBE. THERE ARE NO PLEURAL EFFUSIONS. BONES ARE DIFFUSELY DEMINERALIZED
Impression: FOCAL LINEAR LEFT LOWER LOBE SCARRING WITH OTHERWISE CLEAR LUNGS.assistant

Sample 1105 Report:
Findings: There is a linear opacity at the left lung base potentially atelectasis versus scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1106 Report:
Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged with in particular left atrial enlargement, unchanged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable and stable. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Linear opacities in the lingula are compatible with scarring. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1107 Report:
Findings: Low left lung volume with new elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Linear bands at the left base likely reflect basilar atelectasis. Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Mild right convex thoracic scoliosis. Normal hilar contours. There is new engorgement and indistinctness of the pulmonary vasculature, consistent with moderate pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Impression: New, moderate pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1108 Report:
Findings: Mild left mid to lower lung linear atelectasis/scarring is seen. No large pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax. Moderate pulmonary edema is re- demonstrated. No definite focal consolidation is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Evidence of DISH is seen along the thoracic spine.
Impression: Re- demonstrated moderate pulmonary edema without definite focal consolidation. Atypical infection is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1109 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The right lower mediastinal contour, with associated parenchymal opacification, shows renewed prominence which may indicate dilatation of the gastric pull-up, increased atelectasis associated with the contour abnormality caused by the pull-up, or perhaps combination of both. Particularly given that other areas of the lungs appear clear, aspiration pneumonitis is doubtful as the etiology. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A lower thoracic compression deformity appears unchanged.
Impression: Increased right lower mediastinal contour suggesting a dilatation of gastric pull-up, increased atelectasis associated with contour abnormality due to the pull-up or both; this type of appearance appears to have waxed and waned on prior films. Obstruction of the pull-up is a possibility to consider clinically in the setting of recent vomiting.assistant

Sample 1110 Report:
Impression: 1. Interval development of small right apical pneumothorax. 2. Slightly increased right basilar atelectasis and/or small pleural effusion. 3. Decreased small left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1111 Report:
Findings: Following placement of right chest tube to waterseal, a tiny right apicolateral pneumothorax is unchanged. Post-operative widening of the mediastinum is stable in appearance in this patient status post esophagectomy procedure. Bibasilar atelectasis is again demonstrated, slightly worse in the left lower lobe in the interval. Small pleural effusions are not appreciably changed.assistant

Sample 1112 Report:
Impression: 1. Stable mediastinal contours in this patient status post esophagogastrectomy with the nasogastric tube projecting in an unchanged position. A mediastinal drain remains in place. A right chest tube remains in place and the tiny right apical pneumothorax is stable. However, there is increasing bibasilar airspace opacity along with perihilar congestion and layering bilateral effusions. These findings together likely reflect interval development of mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema. Bibasilar atelectasis is also likely given the pleural effusions. Overall, cardiac size is stable.assistant

Sample 1113 Report:
Findings: There has been no significant interval change since the prior study. Again noted is postoperative esophagus with gastric pull-up, with adjacent atelectasis.No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The lateral view appears similar to the prior study.
Impression: No significant interval change.assistant

Sample 1114 Report:
Findings: Single portable chest radiograph is provided. The patient is status post esophageal pull-through procedure, which results in the opacity adjacent to the right mediastinal border. No evidence of pneumomediastinum. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart size is normal.
Impression: No evidence of pneumomediastinum status post esophageal dilation.assistant

Sample 1115 Report:
Impression: Tip of nasogastric tube terminates at the level of the carina, with apparent coiling in the cervical esophageal region. Exam is otherwise similar to the recent study performed less than 3 hr earlier prior to the nasogastric tube placement.assistant

Sample 1116 Report:
Findings: Widening of right mediastinal contour is consistent with neoesophagus in this patient status post recent esophagectomy. Right-sided chest tube is in place with a tiny lateral right pneumothorax. New patchy and linear areas of atelectasis have developed at both lung bases with otherwise clear lungs.assistant

Sample 1117 Report:
Findings: The patient is status post esophagectomy and pull-up procedure. Widening of right mediastinal contour is consistent with known neoesophagus which appears less distended than on the prior study, with air-fluid level at a lower level than on the prior exam. Adjacent patchy opacities in the right lower lobe are new, and could reflect atelectasis or aspiration in the setting of recent dilation procedure. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum following the procedure.assistant

Sample 1118 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The patient is status post gastric pull-up with parenchymal opacification demonstrated over the lower mediastinal contour on the right, as before. There are diffuse reticular, interstitial opacities, particularly at the left base which likely reflect edema. There is some increased perihilar fullness, particularly on the left which is consistent with volume overload.
Impression: Diffuse, interstitial opacities, predominantly at the left base likely refect pulmonary edema, however superimposed infection/ aspiration should be considered given the clinical history.assistant

Sample 1119 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Compared to the prior radiograph, there is no significant change. The cardiomediastinal silhouette including the neoesophagus is similar appearing. The lungs are clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothorax detected.
Impression: Minimal interval change with no acute consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1120 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Clips are noted in the right peritracheal region. Retrocardiac opacity is compatible with known gastric pull-through. The lungs appear clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contour is stable. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute findings. Status post esophageal resection and gastric pull-through.assistant

Sample 1121 Report:
Findings: Portable frontal radiograph of the chest demonstrate stable post esophagectomy changes with gastric pull-through. The NG tube is within the neoesophagus ending at the level the diaphragm. The neoesophagus does not appear any more distended than on the prior study. Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1122 Report:
Impression: Unchanged appearance of the lower postoperative esophagus. The neoesophagus is surrounded by areas of platelike atelectasis. A previously visualized small amount of free intra-abdominal air is no longer visible. Several miniscule air-fluid levels project over the right costophrenic sinus and could be small air inclusions in the soft tissues, at the site of surgical instrument insertion. Mild fluid overload is present. Slightly improved ventilation of the left lung base.assistant

Sample 1123 Report:
Impression: There is no air in the upper mediastinum. At the level of the gastric pull-up, the difficult to detect pneumomediastinum and separated from the gastric folds and adjacent atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Lungs are clear and the heart is normal size. If symptoms persist and there is clinical concern for perforation, I would recommend CT scanning or fluoroscopically observed contrast swallow.assistant

Sample 1124 Report:
Findings: Again noted is a postoperative esophagus. Opacity adjacent to the right mediastinal border is unchanged, likely platelike atelectasis, improved since prior. Assessment of the retrosternal region is limited due to technical limitations of the lateral radiograph. No definite pneumothorax is seen on AP view. The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are stable and within normal limits. The right hilum is obscured; the left hilum is within normal limits. There is no focal lung consolidation. There is no pleural effusion.
Impression: 1. Stable postoperative appearance of the neo-esophagus with adjacent platelike atelectasis, improved since prior. 2. No convincing evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax, but lateral radiograph is technically suboptimal and at may be repeated at no additional charge to more fully exclude this possibility if warranted clinically.assistant

Sample 1125 Report:
Findings: The chronic opacification at the right lung base is essentially unchanged. There is no new consolidation concerning for pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
Impression: Chronic consolidation in the right upper lobe. No evidence of pneumonia or heart failure.assistant

Sample 1126 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1127 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1128 Report:
Findings: Single AP view of the chest demonstrates mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly, accentuated by AP projection. The lungs are relatively well expanded. There is pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial edema. No pneumothorax. Small effusions cannot be excluded. Moderate right greater than left glenohumeral osteoarthritis is present.
Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1129 Report:
Findings: The left pigtail catheter, right chest port and AICD leads are in unchanged position. A lucency along the left mediastinum could represent medial pneumothorax, not significantly changed from earlier exam. Otherwise, no significant change in bilateral pleural effusions. No focal consolidation is present. No evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.
Impression: Lucency along the left mediastinum could represent medial pneumothorax, not significantly changed from earlier radiograph. Otherwise, no significant change from prior radiographs.assistant

Sample 1130 Report:
Findings: Indwelling support and monitoring devices are remarkable for removal of right subclavian catheter with no visible pneumothorax. Tip of left subclavian catheter is directed towards the lateral wall of superior vena cava, without change. Cardiac silhouette remains enlarged, and is accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion, slightly improved from the prior exam. Left perihilar haziness probably reflects asymmetrical edema, but radiographic followup would be helpful to exclude a developing pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1131 Report:
Findings: No prior studies for comparison. There has been placement of an endotracheal tube whose distal tip is 4 cm above the carina at the level of the aortic knob, appropriately sited. There is a nasogastric tube whose distal tip and side port are below the GE junction. There is some elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is mild prominence of the pulmonary vascular markings without overt pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation or pneumothoraces are present. Heart size is upper limits of normal.assistant

Sample 1132 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the endotracheal tube, the nasogastric tube and the right subclavian catheter are in unchanged position. The mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema is constant. Constant moderate cardiomegaly. Bilateral basal areas of atelectasis. No larger pleural effusions. No parenchymal opacities. No evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1133 Report:
Findings: Portable upright chest radiograph demonstrates an endotracheal tube with its tip at the level of the clavicular heads. An NG tube passes through the stomach, and a right subclavian central venous catheter tip is at the cavoatrial junction. There is an interval decrease in lung volumes; small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis is mild and increased. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged and unchanged. The mediastinal contours are little changed. Pulmonary vasculature is normal and improved.
Impression: 1. Endotracheal tube projects just beyond the thoracic inlet, and might be advanced 1.5 cm for more optimal seating. 2. Interval decrease in lung volumes with increase in bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions, although edema has improved.assistant

Sample 1134 Report:
Findings: The endotracheal tube is appropriately positioned, ending 6 cm above the level of the carina. A right subclavian central venous catheter ends in the low SVC. An enteric catheter courses below the level of the diaphragm and out of the field of view inferiorly. There is central pulmonary vascular congestion without frank interstitial pulmonary edema. Subsegmental left retrocardiac atelectasis is not significantly changed. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is not significantly changed. Mild cardiomegaly is similar in appearance. The mediastinal contours are unchanged. There are no pleural effusions. No pneumothorax is seen.
Impression: 1. Appropriately positioned lines and tubes. 2. Unchanged subsegmental left retrocardiac atelectasis and mild cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 1135 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. The monitoring and support devices, including the very highly positioned endotracheal tube, are constant. Consideration of advancing the tube by 2-3 cm should be made. Overall, low lung volumes. Moderate cardiomegaly with mild fluid overload and retrocardiac atelectasis. No larger pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1136 Report:
Findings: Portable supine chest radiograph demonstrates superior migration of the endotracheal tube which is now located at least 6.3 cm from the level of the carina, with the change in position likely the result of the change in neck extension. An NG tube is in place, its tip is not seen below the inferior margin of the film. An esophageal temperature probe is in place. A right subclavian central venous catheter tip is located at the cavoatrial junction. The lungs are clear, with somewhat low lung volumes. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are unchanged.
Impression: 1. ETT tube now at least 6.3 cm from the carina, suggest advancement for more optimal positioning. 2. No acute chest abnormality.assistant

Sample 1137 Report:
Findings: Indwelling support and monitoring devices are remarkable only for slightly proximal location of the endotracheal tube, terminating 5.5 cm above the carina with the neck in a flexed position. Persistent cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion accompanied by interstitial edema. Worsening left retrocardiac opacity is probably due to a combination of atelectasis and effusion.assistant

Sample 1138 Report:
Findings: Given differences in positioning and technique, there has been no significant interval change. Bibasilar opacities are most likely due to superimposed soft tissue structures and overlying material. Superiorly the lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Leftward deviation of the trachea at the thoracic inlet is suggestive of underlying right-sided thyroid enlargement. Calcification suggesting intra-articular bodies project over the glenohumeral joints.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Leftward deviation of the trachea at the thoracic inlet as on prior suggestive right thyroid enlargement which can be further assessed by dedicated thyroid ultrasound.assistant

Sample 1139 Report:
Findings: Prior enteric tube and right IJ lines are no longer visualized. The lungs are now clear without consolidation or effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Hypertrophic changes are noted in the spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1140 Report:
Impression: PA and lateral chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs: Lung volumes are low, but clear. Heart size normal. No pleural abnormality. Extensive degenerative change in the thoracic spine is consistent with loss of height, kyphosis, osteophyte formation and disc space narrowing.assistant

Sample 1141 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior radiograph there has been significant improvement in pulmonary edema. Scattered opacities at the lung bases bilaterally likely represent atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is top-normal in size in the aorta is tortuous. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. .
Impression: Interval resolution of pulmonary edema. Bibasilar opacities are likely atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1142 Report:
Impression: Heart size remains normal. Previous pulmonary vascular engorgement has nearly resolved. It may have been a function of tachycardia due to transient fever. . Lungs are clear and there is no pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1143 Report:
Findings: Faint peribronchial opacity is present lateral to the right lower lobar pulmonary artery and adjacent to the ascending thoracic aorta on the lateral view. A subtle opacity is also noted adjacent to the cardiac apex on the left. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Opacities in the right upper or middle lobe and possibly the left lower lobe concerning for early developing pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1144 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are relatively low. The lungs remain clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1145 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographdemonstrates hypoinflated lungs with crowding of vasculature and bilateral lower lobe atelectasis. Heterogeneous opacity partially obscuring the right heart border is seen on this slightly rotated film. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable. Limited assessment of the upper abdomen is within normal limits.
Impression: Opacity partially obscuring right heart border is most consistent with atelectasis however differential includes pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1146 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The imaged osseous structures are intact. There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute findings in the chest.assistant

Sample 1147 Report:
Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are slightly decreased. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary vascular engorgement or edema is present. The cardiac silhouette is likely within normal limits allowing for decreased lung volumes. The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The trachea is midline. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1148 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal and the mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen represent prior cholecystectomy.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1149 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. There are low lung volumes compared to prior study. Possibly patchy opacity at the left lung base may represent early pneumonia or atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bibasilar atelectasis.
Impression: Low lung volumes. Possibly patchy opacity at the left lung base may represent early pneumonia or atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1150 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. No bony abnormality is detected.
Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1151 Report:
Findings: Two views of the chest provided demonstrate low lung volumes though there is no evidence of pneumonia or CHF. No large effusion or pneumothorax. The heart appears mildly enlarged. The mediastinal contour appears normal. Mild hilar engorgement difficult to exclude though there is no frank pulmonary edema. The bony structures appear intact.
Impression: Cardiomegaly, probable mild hilar engorgement.assistant

Sample 1152 Report:
Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is present.
Impression: Minimal atelectasis at the lung bases without focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 1153 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1154 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and well-aerated lungs without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. An incompletely imaged catheter projects over the left upper abdomen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1155 Report:
Findings: 2 views were obtained of the chest. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1156 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear bilaterally with no masses or lesions. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The pleural surfaces are unremarkable.
Impression: No evidence of tuberculosis.assistant

Sample 1157 Report:
Findings: Left chest wall single lead pacing device is again seen. Low lung volumes are noted. Increased interstitial markings are noted in the lungs with a basilar predominance which are similar compared to priors compatible with a chronic interstitial abnormality as seen on prior CT scan. There is no superimposed acute consolidation or effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No acute osseous abnormalities. Hypertrophic changes are seen the spine.
Impression: Findings compatible with patient's underlying fibrosis without definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1158 Report:
Findings: Low lung volumes accentuate the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular structures, limiting assessment of the patient's cardiovascular status. Streaky peribronchiolar bibasilar opacities are associated with apparent bibasilar bronchial wall thickening. No definite pleural effusion. ICD remains in place, with leads in the right ventricle. Mild elevation of left hemidiaphragm is again demonstrated.
Impression: Bibasilar opacities which could reflect atelectasis, aspiration or developing infectious pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1159 Report:
Findings: There is mild right basilar atelectasis. Right internal jugular central venous catheter ends at or just below the cavoatrial junction. There is no focal consolidation. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a slight increase in density in the right paratracheal area which may represent mild bleeding from line placement. The heart size is normal.
Impression: 1. Right IJ ends either at or just below the superior cavoatrial junction. Slight increase in density in the right paratracheal mediastinum may represent mild bleeding from line placement. Attention on follow up. 2. Right basilar atelectasis. No focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 1160 Report:
Findings: A pigtail catheter projects over the right upper quadrant. A metallic stent also projects over the midline, recently deployed. It is vertical in orientation and situated near the midline. The metallic stent is somewhat distal to where a new pigtail stent was placed. It is somewhat distal to the remaining revised internal-external pigtail biliary drain. Correlation with procedure related findings is recommended. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged. There is a patchy focal opacity in the left upper lung, which is non-specific. Atelectasis, aspiration or pneumonia could be considered although atelectasis may be implied by coinciding volume loss. Small pleural effusions are difficult to exclude. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: Patchy nonspecific opacities in the left upper lung with a mild overall volume loss in the left hemithorax. Correlation with procedure findings is suggested regarding the location of the biliary stents.assistant

Sample 1161 Report:
Findings: Linear opacity at the right base likely represents atelectasis. No consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected on this single view. Heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Patulous esophagus is again noted.
Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process on this single frontal view.assistant

Sample 1162 Report:
Impression: At a lower inspiratory level, the size of the cardiac silhouette is but currently larger than on the previous examination but still within the range of normal. No pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. In the interval, the patient has received the new right internal jugular vein catheter. The tip projects over the upper parts of the right atrium. No pneumothorax or other complication.assistant

Sample 1163 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the right lung is unchanged. On the left, there is minimal elevation of the hemidiaphragm and a small platelike atelectasis at the left lung bases. No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1164 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change.
Impression: No change.assistant

Sample 1165 Report:
Findings: There are small bilateral pleural effusions. Streaky bibasilar opacities best seen on the lateral view are most likely atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear without consolidation or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1166 Report:
Findings: Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar contours. Increased retrocardiac opacity is concerning for left lower lobe pneumonia. Normal pleural surfaces.
Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1167 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1168 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no pneumomediastinum. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1169 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1170 Report:
Findings: There is no new lung consolidation. Snal left hemothorax secondary to rib fractures have decreased with adjacent compressive atelectasis. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. NG tube has been removed. CONCLUSION: There is no new lung consolidation.assistant

Sample 1171 Report:
Findings: There is similarly sized, small right pneumothorax with apical component with increasing pleural effusion compared to the exam performed 12 hours earlier. Right basal atelectasis is less conspicuous on this exam. There is a small left pleural effusion. The pigtail catheter appears to be in similar position. Heart size is within normal limits.Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.
Impression: Unchanged small right pneumothorax and slightly increased right pleural effusion. Unchanged small left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1172 Report:
Impression: Right pigtail pleural catheter remains in place with persistent small right apical pneumothorax and small loculated right basilar hydro pneumothorax. Overall, there has not been a substantial change in the appearance of the chest since the recent study performed several hr earlier.assistant

Sample 1173 Report:
Findings: Semi-erect AP and lateral images of the chest were obtained. There are low lung volumes and resultant bibasilar atelectasis; otherwise the lungs are clear without consolidation or pulmonary edema. Allowing for the technique, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits and unchanged. There is no pneumothorax. Blunting of the bilateral costophrenic angles greater on the left than on the right which is due to a small pleural effusions. Mild multilevel thoracolumbar spondylosis is unchanged. There is no free air beneath the right hemi-diaphragm.
Impression: Bilateral small pleural effusions, greater on the left than right. No other acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1174 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes, particularly on the right. Relative right hemidiaphragmatic elevation is noted. Allowing for such, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax, confluent consolidation, or large effusion. A 6-mm rounded density projecting over the left clavicle is consistent with a bone island upon correlation with a preceding CT cervical spine. Trace linear atelectasis is present in the left base. Mild multilevel thoracolumbar spondylosis is noted.
Impression: 1. No definite acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. No appreciable displaced osseous injury. 3. No definite evidence to suggest pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1175 Report:
Impression: Lung volumes have improved, although there is still mild atelectasis at the left lung base. Pleural effusions are minimal if any, and there is no pneumothorax. Upper lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. ET tube and right internal jugular line are in standard placements.assistant

Sample 1176 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. A moderate size hiatal hernia is present. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures.
Impression: Moderate size hiatal hernia. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1177 Report:
Findings: AP portable supine view of the chest. Endotracheal tube is seen with its tip located 2.8 cm above the carinal. A right IJ central venous catheter tip is positioned in the region of the low SVC. Lung volumes are low limiting assessment. No large consolidation or supine evidence for effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinal contour is difficult to assess due to rotation. Bony structures are grossly intact. Degenerative changes are partially noted in the lumbar spine.
Impression: Right IJ central venous catheter and endotracheal tube positioned appropriately.assistant

Sample 1178 Report:
Findings: The endotracheal tube ends 2.6 cm above the carina. A right sided IJ line ends in the upper to mid SVC. A right-sided PICC ends in the lower SVC. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. No focal opacities concerning for pneumonia identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A vague opacity in the right costophrenic angle is likely artifactual due to positioning. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.
Impression: 1. Supportive devices are in appropriate position. 2. No focal parenchymal opacity. No evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1179 Report:
Findings: New esophageal ube loops and ends within the thorax, likely within a large hiatal hernia. Otherwise there is no significant change compared with the previous exam. The endotracheal tube ends 2.6 cm above the carina. A right sided IJ line ends in the upper to mid SVC. A right-sided PICC ends in the lower SVC. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. No focal opacities concerning for pneumonia identified. No pleural effusion is identified. Previous right costophrenic angle vague opacity has cleared and it was most likely due to positioning. There is no pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.
Impression: New esophageal tube ends above the diaphragm, likely within a large hiatal hernia. Otherwise unchanged from recent exam. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1180 Report:
Findings: Tip of endotracheal tube terminates 5.5 cm above the carina, and a nasogastric tube courses below the diaphragm. Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits, and lungs are clear.assistant

Sample 1181 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well-expanded. No focal airspace consolidation concerning for pneumonia is identified. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1182 Report:
Impression: 1. Opacification of left mid and lower zones, unchanged. Possible slight worsening of hazy opacity at right base. 2. ET tube tip along superior edge of the clavicles, slightly high. Clinical correlation regardomg possible advancement requested.assistant

Sample 1183 Report:
Findings: The heart size is at the upper limits of normal, similar to prior exam. The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The lungs show no lobar consolidation. Again a hiatal hernia is present. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no subdiaphragmatic free air. Air-fluid levels noted below the diaphragm may indicate obstruction or delayed gastrointestinal transit.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia; question of intestinal obstruction or slowed intestinal transit. CT pending.assistant

Sample 1184 Report:
Findings: Nasogastric tube is seen below the diaphragmwith tip in at least distal stomach.. A left-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip tip in the upper upper superior vena cava. Right-sided internal jugular venous catheter with tip likely at the confluence of the brachiocephalic veins. Endotracheal tube is in standard position. There has been interval minimal decreased in size of the right pleural effusion, now moderate in size with overall improved aeration of the right lung base. Large left effusion is probably stable in size, though assessment difficult given increased retrocardiac opacification, likely due to worsened collapse.
Impression: Well-positioned nasogastric tube. Minimally improved right pleural effusion now small in size. Stable large left pleural effusion. Increased left lower lobe collapse.assistant

Sample 1185 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Low lung volumes. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette. Massive unchanged opacity at the left lung base. Evidence of mild-to-moderate fluid overload. The monitoring and support devices are constant.assistant

Sample 1186 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. There is a deformity of the left fourth rib which appears chronic. No acute fracture is identified.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1187 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. No prior. Streaky left basilar opacities may be due to atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear, and there is no pulmonary vascular congestion or effusion. Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Mid thoracic compression deformity is seen, age indeterminate without prior exam. Osseous structures are otherwise unremarkable. Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy. Slight contour irregularity at the left lateral aspect of the trachea at the thoracic inlet possibility from underlying thyroid enlargement.
Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Age-indeterminate mid thoracic compression deformity. 3. Slight contour deformity of the left lateral aspect of the trachea at the thoracic inlet, raising possibility of underlying thyroid enlargement. Ultrasound can be performed if desired and not already done.assistant

Sample 1188 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. The heart size is top normal. The mediastinal contours are otherwise unremarkable. Pulmonary vascular markings are prominent, consistent with vascular congestion. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Impression: Pulmonary vascular congestion without focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 1189 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Mildly tortuous descending thoracic aorta is noted. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1190 Report:
Impression: No previous images. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1191 Report:
Findings: Right subclavian catheter tip terminates in the lower SVC. Cardiac size is normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1192 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1193 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The hila and pleura are unremarkable. No focal consolidations, pleural effusions, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax are seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary findings.assistant

Sample 1194 Report:
Impression: 1. Possible early cardiac decompensation; no edema or pneumonia. 2. Tortuous or, less likely, dilated ascending thoracic aortaassistant

Sample 1195 Report:
Findings: There is moderate cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
Impression: Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1196 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen. No evidence of rib fracture.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No evidence of rib fracture.assistant

Sample 1197 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.assistant

Sample 1198 Report:
Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly and a large hernia containing stomach causing streak-like atelectatic change at the right lower lobe. Incidental note is made of an azygos lobe at the right side. No pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process. Large hiatal hernia containing at least stomach.assistant

Sample 1199 Report:
Findings: Two frontal images of the chest demonstrate well-expanded lungs, which are generally clear with some slight atelectatic changes at the lung bases. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Again seen is a large hiatal hernia containing stomach elevating the lower lobe of the right lung.
Impression: No acute pulmonary process seen. Unchanged chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 1200 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. CONCLUSION: There is no significant cardiopulmonary findings. There is no pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1201 Report:
Findings: There is a focal opacity overlying the right lower lobe with silhouetting of the right hemidiaphragm. Otherwise, the left lung is clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute fractures are identified.
Impression: Right lower lobe opacity, with silhouetting of the right hemidiaphragm is most consistent with right lower lobe pneumonia. However, a peripheral infarction due to pulmonary embolism cannot be excluded. A followup radiograph in 6 weeks after resolution of symptoms is recommended.assistant

Sample 1202 Report:
Findings: AP upright view of the chest provided. Metallic stent traverses the descending thoracic aorta. An opacity in the right lower lung is noted. Patient rotation to the left limits the evaluation. Given marked study limitations, would recommend repeat with more optimized technique.assistant

Sample 1203 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal lung consolidation.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1204 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views the chest provided demonstrate no convincing evidence of pneumonia or edema. Areas of linear scarring and atelectasis noted in the lower lungs. No large effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lower thoracic compression deformities appear chronic. Chronic right rib cage deformities also noted.
Impression: No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1205 Report:
Impression: No evidence of acute pneumonia. Bronchitis.assistant

Sample 1206 Report:
Impression: Left lower lobe pleural effusion with consolidation. Repeat imaging post treatment to document resolution and rule out underlying mass.assistant

Sample 1207 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is a moderate left and a small right pleural effusion, which are new since the prior study. Hazy opacification in the right lung base, is concerning for pneumonia. There is volume loss and consolidation in the left lung base, which likely represents additional site of infection. Bilateral apical pleural parenchymal scarring is noted.
Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions, with associated basal consolidations, suggestive of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1208 Report:
Findings: The heart is not enlarged. There is no CHF, focal infiltrate, effusion or pneumothorax. Within the limits of plain film radiography, no hilar mediastinal lymphadenopathy is detected .
Impression: Chest x-ray examination within normal limits. No acute pulmonary process identified.assistant

Sample 1209 Report:
Impression: No comparison. Moderate scoliosis with subsequent asymmetry of the ribcage. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. No evidence for hyper inflation.assistant

Sample 1210 Report:
Findings: Lungs are low in volume. Lateral view shows scarring in one of the apices, probably the right. Hazy opacification over the right mid lung, worst laterally, is probably pleural thickening; a left anterior oblique view could confirm this is continuous with the pleural thickening visible along the lateral costal margin. No pulmonary edema or focal consolidation is identified. The heart is normal size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1211 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. No radiopaque foreign body is seen. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1212 Report:
Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. No subcutaneous air is identified.
Impression: No subcutaneous air is identified.assistant

Sample 1213 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. No convincing evidence for pneumonia or edema. No large effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Bony structures intact.
Impression: Limited, negative.assistant

Sample 1214 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated. No focal consolidation is identified. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Calcifications of the costochondral cartilage is present. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1215 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated. Changes associated with median sternotomy are again noted. There is stable mild cardiomegaly present. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions. No focal opacities are seen to suggest pneumonia. Aortic arch vascular calcifications are seen. There is no evidence of pneumoperitoneum. The osseous structures are unchanged.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1216 Report:
Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. The cardiac silhouette size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. There is mild interstitial pulmonary edema. Small to moderate pleural effusions appear similar compared to the prior exams. Bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect compressive atelectasis. Scarring within the lung apices is re- demonstrated. No pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormalities are demonstrated.
Impression: Mild pulmonary edema and small to moderate size bilateral pleural effusions. Bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflecting atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1217 Report:
Findings: Portable single frontal chest x-ray was performed with the patient in upright position. Compared to earlier study, there has been no significant interval change in the moderate bilateral pleural effusions and associated bibasilar atelectasis. Lung volumes are low. The heart remains moderately enlarged. There is no pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. A left subclavian central line has been removed. Median sternotomy wires are intact.
Impression: No interval change in the appearance of the heart and lungs.assistant

Sample 1218 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous examination, there is no evidence of pleural effusions. The costophrenic sinuses are well deployed on both the frontal and the lateral image. There is an area of increased radiodensity at the level of the right upper lobe, which is likely caused by the rotation of the patient following relatively severe scoliosis. No pulmonary edema. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.assistant

Sample 1219 Report:
Findings: There has been significant interval improvement of the large right pleural effusion with residual right basilar atelectasis. There is mild stable left basilar atelectasis. There is no evidence of a pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are otherwise unremarkable.
Impression: Interval improvement of the large right pleural effusion, stable small left pleural effusion, no evidence of a pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1220 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a mild increase in extent of the known left pleural effusion and a stable appearance of the right pleural effusion. Increasing atelectasis at both lung bases. Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette. The position of the central access line is constant.assistant

Sample 1221 Report:
Findings: Single portable AP chest radiograph was provided. There is prominence of the upper zone vessels, compatible with pulmonary congestion, increased since the recent prior exam. Again seen are layering moderate-sized bilateral pleural effusions with associated compressive atelectasis. Nodular opacities in the right apex are unchanged. Median sternotomy wires are intact.
Impression: 1. Pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Moderate layering pleural effusions, similar to prior study.assistant

Sample 1222 Report:
Impression: No evidence of acute TB.assistant

Sample 1223 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear, and the pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Minimal loss of height of a mid thoracic vertebral body is unchanged.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1224 Report:
Findings: Opacity in the left upper lobe representing bony island in a rib or lung nodule. The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. . No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions.
Impression: Possible lung nodule in left upper lobe. Oblique views are recommended.assistant

Sample 1225 Report:
Findings: The upper lobe pulmonary veins are full, as before. There is interval blunting of the costophrenic angles. There is minimal hazy density at the left base only well seen on the PA view. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart is at the upper limit of normal in size. The aorta is calcified. Mediastinal structures are otherwise unremarkable. The bony thorax is grossly intact.
Impression: Development of small bilateral pleural effusions. Continued evidence of mild pulmonary venous hypertension. Ill-defined increased density at the left base may be due to pleural fluid. A small area of focal consolidation cannot definitely be excluded.assistant

Sample 1226 Report:
Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1227 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated. No focal consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: No significant interval change.assistant

Sample 1228 Report:
Findings: The lungs appear mildly hyperinflated. The heart is mildly enlarged. There is chronic pulmonary vascular redistribution. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1229 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided. Clips are noted in the right chest wall. There is a small left pleural effusion. Linear density in the lower lung is most compatible with scarring or atelectasis, as seen on prior CT. There is no focal consolidation or signs of pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: Small left pleural effusion with left basal linear density most compatible with scarring or atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1230 Report:
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1231 Report:
Impression: Compared to earlier postoperative chest radiograph, 12:23. New fluid collection at the apex of the left lung is either loculated hemo thorax or mediastinal bleeding dissecting over the apex of the lung extrapleural E. Left lower lobe consolidation has worsened, presumably atelectasis since there is ipsilateral mediastinal shift. No pneumothorax. Right lung grossly clear. Heart size normal. Cardiopulmonary support devices in standard placements respectively.assistant

Sample 1232 Report:
Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy, CABG, and mitral valve replacement. The left-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the low SVC, unchanged. Mild cardiac enlargement is re- demonstrated along with mild pulmonary vascular congestion. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. No pulmonary edema is present. Mild atelectasis is again noted within the lung bases, without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Compression deformity involving a vertebral body at the thoracolumbar junction is unchanged.
Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis. Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.assistant

Sample 1233 Report:
Findings: Cardiac size is unchanged. There are multilobar opacities, mainly in the mid and lower lobes bilaterally. Increased density along the major fissure is noted and could represent either fluid or volume loss. There is no pneumothorax. The tracheostomy tube and stent in the right main stem bronchus are in adequate position.
Impression: Multilobar bilateral opacities concerning for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1234 Report:
Findings: As compared to prior radiograph, there has been an overall decrease of inspiratory lung volumes with apparent increase of radiodensity throughout lungs bilaterally. There has been interval improvement of multilobar opacities along both lungs. No new consolidations are identified. There is no pneumothorax. There has been interval removal of right main stem bronchus stent. Tracheostomy tube has a vertical course, no tube component that clearly reaches down the trachea is identified.
Impression: 1. Interval improvement of multilobar opacities bilaterally with no evidence of pneumothorax. 2. Tracheostomy tube demonstrates a vertical course with no evidence of tube component reaching down the trachea.assistant

Sample 1235 Report:
Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position. Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study obtained seven hours earlier during the same day. It is assumed that exchange of ET tube has been performed during the interval. Radiographically, the ETT now terminates about 1-2 cm lower than it was appreciated on the preceding study. The position is acceptable while it still is a few centimeters above the carina. No pneumothorax has developed. Previously described left-sided internal jugular approach central venous line remains in unchanged position. Evidence of hazy densities, partially obscuring the diaphragms, similar as before and most likely represents pleural effusion layering partially in posterior pleural compartments as the patient is in semi-erect position. No significant interval change in comparison with previous study.assistant

Sample 1236 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the volume of the right hemithorax has increased, likely reflecting improved ventilation. A plate-like atelectasis is seen along the minor fissure, extending laterally from the hilus that is enlarged and too dense, which is caused by the underlying neoplasm. The right main bronchus tracheal stent appears to be in correct position. Tracheostomy tube and left internal jugular vein catheter are constant. No evidence of pneumothorax. Unremarkable left lung.assistant

Sample 1237 Report:
Findings: A tracheostomy tube is appropriately positioned. An enteric catheter is visualized only to the level of the thoracic inlet, likely obscured more distally due to underpenetration of this radiograph. A metallic stent within the right main stem bronchus appears appropriately positioned. A left internal jugular central venous catheter ends at the confluence of the brachiocephalic veins, not significantly changed. A right superior mediastinal mass extends to the right hilus, not significantly changed. Fluid within the minor fissure is increased. There is mild-to-moderate bibasilar atelectasis. Small layering pleural effusions may be present, not significantly changed. There is no pneumothorax. Mild cardiomegaly is not significantly changed.
Impression: 1. Unchanged moderate bibasilar atelectasis. 2. Possible small bilateral pleural effusions, not significantly changed. 3. Mild cardiomegaly, not significantly changed. 4. Incompletely assessed enteric catheter, only visualized to the level of the thoracic inlet. Recommend conventional PA and lateral radiographs on future studies to improve visualization.assistant

Sample 1238 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated and has received a tracheostomy tube. The tube is in correct position. The left central line is in unchanged position. Unchanged are the known right hilar masses as well as the small right pleural effusion. No evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1239 Report:
Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. Right hilar opacity is compatible with known mass and radiation treatment changes. Previously noted right upper lobe atelectasis has improved though is still present. Small right pleural effusion persists. Left lung is clear. There is no pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax is demonstrated. Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. The patient is status post tracheostomy.
Impression: Right perihilar opacity compatible with known mass and radiation treatment changes. Previously demonstrated right upper lobe atelectasis is improved but persists. Small right pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1240 Report:
Impression: Some reexpansion of right-sided atelectasis; otherwise unchanged.assistant

Sample 1241 Report:
Findings: Endotracheal tube and orogastric tube are in correct position. The left internal jugular vein terminates in the left brachiocephalic vein. Right main stem bronchus stent is in unchanged position. The known right upper lobe atelectasis is constant.assistant

Sample 1242 Report:
Findings: The tracheostomy tube and the stent in the right main stem bronchus are again visualized. The aeration is slightly improved compared to the prior exam. There is minimal pulmonary vascular re-distribution but no overt pulmonary edema. There continues to be widening of the right paratracheal stripe, compatible with the patient's known mediastinal mass.assistant

Sample 1243 Report:
Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest and four views of the left ribs. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiac, mediastinal, hilar contours are normal. There are no rib fractures or rib lesions identified. There is evidence of prior kyphoplasty of a lower thoracic vertebrae. The visualized bowel gas pattern is nonspecific. There is no free air.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No rib fractures or rib lesions identified.assistant

Sample 1244 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1245 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes. There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Heart size is normal. There is no pulmonary edema. Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1246 Report:
Findings: There are new bilateral lower lung heterogeneous opacities, left greater than right, highly concerning for multifocal pneumonia. There is a small right pleural effusion and probable small left pleural effusion. Mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is not significantly changed. The mediastinal contours are unchanged. There is no pneumothorax. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is redemonstrated.
Impression: New bilateral lower lung opacities, concerning for multifocal pneumonia. Small right and likely small left pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1247 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation.
Impression: No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1248 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained. Mild cardiomegaly, mediastinal and pulmonary vascular engorgement suggest volume overload and/or mild biventricular decompensation. Mild scarring or chronic atelectasis is still present at the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Mediastinal contours are normal.
Impression: Mild biventricular decompensation. LLL scarring or atelectasis more likely than pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1249 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs. The lungs are well expanded. Peribronchial opacification in the left lower lobe is more likely due to bronchial inflammation than pneumonia. Mild cardiomegaly and mediastinal and pulmonary vascular engorgement are unchanged.
Impression: 1. Possible left lower lobe bronchitis, less likely mild pneumonia. 2. Vascular engorgement could be due to mild congestive failure and/or volume overload or a hyperdynamic circulation due to febrile tachycardia.assistant

Sample 1250 Report:
Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are well inflated. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is no evidence of mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy within the limitations of the study technique as well as no focal consolidation to suggest infectious process. If clinically warranted, correlation with chest CT is to be considered.assistant

Sample 1251 Report:
Findings: Sternotomy. Mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. Aortic calcification. Normal heart size, pulmonary vascularity Suggestion of tiny pleural effusion or thickening posterior costophrenic angle.
Impression: Tiny pleural effusion or thickeningassistant

Sample 1252 Report:
Findings: An endotracheal tube is in appropriate position with the tip 2 cm above the carina. An enteric feeding tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm and out of view on this image. There is opacification of the left lung base obscuring the left costophrenic angle. The right lung base is clear. No significant pneumothorax is seen on this supine view. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.
Impression: 1. ET tube 2 cm above the carina. 2. Left basilar opacity potentially atelectasis, infection or aspiration. A small left pleural effusion is not excluded.assistant

Sample 1253 Report:
Findings: PA upright and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinal contour is normal. Bones are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. On the lateral view, nodular densities projecting behind the heart likely represent en face vessels.
Impression: Mild cardiomegaly. Otherwise, unremarkable.assistant

Sample 1254 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are clear of focal consolidation or effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1255 Report:
Findings: No previous images. The heart is normal in size, and the lungs are clear without vascular congestion or pleural effusion.
Impression: No radiographic abnormality.assistant

Sample 1256 Report:
Findings: Radiographs centered at the thoracoabdominal junction was obtained to assess a nasogastric tube, which terminates in the distal stomach. Within the chest, cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for technique. Imaged portions of the lungs are clear except for minimal atelectasis at the lung bases. No pleural effusion is evident, but right costophrenic sulcus has been excluded from the study.assistant

Sample 1257 Report:
Findings: Frontal AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Low lung volumes results in bronchovascular crowding. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. There is gaseous distention of large bowel.
Impression: No pneumonia, edema or effusion.assistant

Sample 1258 Report:
Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Apart from subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe, the lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1259 Report:
Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Multiple surgical clips are seen in the right upper quadrant as well as along the right heart border. Hilar contours are normal. No evidence of change in the prior study.
Impression: No evidence of changes from the prior study to suggest metastatic disease.assistant

Sample 1260 Report:
Impression: No evidence of intrathoracic metastatic disease.assistant

Sample 1261 Report:
Findings: AP portal view of the chest. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1262 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. There are degenerative changes of some mid thoracic vertebral bodies.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1263 Report:
Impression: 1. Left basilar opacity, probably in the left lower lobe, suggesting pneumonia, atelectasis or potentially aspiration; potentially with loculated pleural effusion but not well delineated. 2. Mild to moderate interstitial pulmonary edema. Follow-up standard PA and lateral radiographs are recommended after treatment of edema, if applicable, to assess left basilar opacification further if clinically indicated.assistant

Sample 1264 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated, with flattening of the diaphragms, suggestive of emphysematous disease. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable with the exception of extensive atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. Biapical pleural parenchymal scarring is present. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. An endotracheal tube ends 2.7 cm above the carina and an NG tube is present with the tip at the gastroesophageal junction and the side port within the terminal esophagus. Calcifications in the right neck and right subclavicular region are likely vascular.
Impression: 1. Lung hyperinflation compatible with emphysema. No focal parenchymal opacities to suggest pneumonia. 2. Extensive atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta as well as vessels within the right neck and right infraclavicular region is observed. 3. Endotracheal tube in appropriate position, ending 2.7 cm above the carina. NG tube has its tip at the gastroesophageal junction and the side port within the terminal esophagus. Advancement is recommended.assistant

Sample 1265 Report:
Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema identified. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Incidentally noted is a suture anchor seen in the right humeral head.
Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1266 Report:
Findings: Lungs: The lungs are well inflated. There is no consolidation. Pleura: No pleural effusion is seen. Heart: The heart is not enlarged. Mediastinum and hila: There is no mediastinal mass. Osseous structures: The osseous structures are normal for age. Other findings: None
Impression: Lungs clear.assistant

Sample 1267 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal in appearance. Lung volumes are slightly low, but lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is evident on this single portable projection.assistant

Sample 1268 Report:
Findings: There has been interval removal of the right internal jugular catheter. Lung volumes are low but unchanged compared to the prior study. There is improved aeration of the left base. There is a small right pleural effusion with associated compressive atelectasis. A rectangular opacity at the right lower lung is likely also due to atelectasis. Continued attention on followup recommended.assistant

Sample 1269 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased, likely reflecting a deeper inspiration. The evidence of lymphadenopathy has decreased, the hilar structures are better defined and less dense than on the previous exam. The size of the cardiac silhouette has slightly decreased. Currently, there is no evidence of lung nodules, pulmonary fibrosis or other parenchymal change.assistant

Sample 1270 Report:
Findings: Bilateral hilar prominence is concerning for lymphadenopathy in the setting of clinical suspicion for sarcoidosis. Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes. Lungs are grossly clear, and there are no pleural effusions or concerning skeletal findings.
Impression: Bilateral hilar prominence, concerning for hilar lymphadenopathy in the setting of clinical suspicion for sarcoidosis. In the absence of older chest radiographs for comparison, consider a chest CT for confirmation and further characterization.assistant

Sample 1271 Report:
Findings: No evidence of pneumothorax. Lung volumes are low causing expected vascular congestion status post surgery. No focal opacities are concerning for an infectious process. Bones are intact.
Impression: No evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1272 Report:
Findings: Lower lung volumes are seen, but the lungs remain clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1273 Report:
Findings: There are contiguous displaced left rib fractures involving at least the second through the fifth ribs. No pneumothorax is identified. There is also obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm. The right lung is grossly clear. A left pleural effusion is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are within normal limits.
Impression: 1. Contiguous displaced left rib fractures involving at least the posterior aspect of the second through fifth ribs. No pneumothorax identified on radiograph. 2. Small left pleural effusion. Hemothorax not excluded. 3. Obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm which may be related to a combination of atelectasis and pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1274 Report:
Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is again seen several left upper chest posterior rib fractures. No pneumothoraces are seen. There is a small left-sided pleural effusion. Right lung is clear.assistant

Sample 1275 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, for evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. No displaced fracture is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. No displaced rib fracture seen, however, if clinical concern is high, consider dedicated rib series.assistant

Sample 1276 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1277 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No displaced fractures identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No visualized rib fracture on this nondedicated exam.assistant

Sample 1278 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1279 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes, accentuating cardiomediastinal silhouette, which appears otherwise normal. Two granulomas in the right lung appear unchanged. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process such as pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1280 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated suggesting a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. There is no evidence of a focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Extensive costal cartilage calcifications are noted. No acute fractures are identified. Pectus excavatum deformity is noted.
Impression: Hyperinflated lungs suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1281 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours unremarkable. No pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: Top-normal to mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema. No definite focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 1282 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged including mild cardiomegaly and calcification along the aortic arch. The central pulmonary vascularity shows upper zone redistribution with distinct but prominent vessels, similar to prior findings, suggesting pulmonary venous hypertension without congestive heart failure. A small hyperdense nodule projecting over the right mid lung is unchanged and suggests a granuloma. There is similar mild relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The patient is status post right shoulder hemiarthroplasty. Flattening and sclerosis have progressed along the left humeral head with corresponding effacement of the glenoid appears worse; findings could be seen with a history of avascular necrosis in the appropriate setting.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Increased flattening of the left humeral head, although likely a chronic process, possibly avascular necrosis.assistant

Sample 1283 Report:
Findings: Portable upright views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes. There are prominent interstitial markings, compatible with interstitial pulmonary edema. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Heart is mildly enlarged. There is no pleural effusion. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax. The patient's known lingular nodule is better seen on prior CT exam. Right-sided pleural plaques are noted.
Impression: Mild cardiomegaly and interstitial pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1284 Report:
Findings: Heart size remains mildly enlarged. The aorta is tortuous and diffusely calcified. Calcified pleural plaques are noted bilaterally and obscures the assessment of the underlying lung parenchyma. Mild interstitial abnormality within the lung bases is similar. No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is clearly noted. Rounded calcified structure projecting over the medial aspect of the right lung apex is likely vascular in etiology and unchanged. No pneumothorax is identified, and there are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Bilateral calcified pleural plaques limit assessment of the underlying lung parenchyma, but no new focal consolidation is seen. Chronic mild interstitial abnormality could reflect asbestosis and is unchanged.assistant

Sample 1285 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the previously placed left PICC line was removed and the patient has received a new left subclavian vein catheter. The course of the catheter is unremarkable, the tip of the catheter projects over the mid SVC. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or other complication. Otherwise, the radiograph is unchanged.assistant

Sample 1286 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded. Bibasilar streaky opacities likely represent subsegmental atelectases. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. An NG tube ends in the distal stomach.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. NG tube in appropriate position.assistant

Sample 1287 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. Moderate cardiomegaly is again noted. Atherosclerotic calcifications are seen at the aortic arch. No acute osseous abnormalities. Surgical clips seen at the neck and within the right upper quadrant.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1288 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable noting moderate cardiomegaly and atherosclerotic calcifications at the aortic arch. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Surgical clips seen in the right upper quadrant and within the neck.
Impression: Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1289 Report:
Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. Clips in the left neck base noted. Cardiomegaly is unchanged. No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing signs of edema. Mediastinal contour is stable with atherosclerotic calcifications along the aortic knob. No acute bony abnormality.
Impression: Stable cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable.assistant

Sample 1290 Report:
Impression: 1. Right subclavian Port-A-Cath continues to have its tip in the distal SVC. There continue to be diffuse bilateral parenchymal and interstitial opacities, which are likely not significantly changed, although there is some improvement in aeration. There is likely a layering left effusion. No pneumothorax. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are likely unchanged given differences in positioning. Hardware is seen overlying the lower cervical spine. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1291 Report:
Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates at the junction of the SVC with the right atrium. Cardiac silhouette size is top normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable, and the lungs are clear. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. Small left pleural effusion is demonstrated, similar compared to the prior exam. No pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Multiple clips are noted within the upper abdomen along with a biliary stent.
Impression: Unchanged small left pleural effusion. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1292 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes. Diffuse bilateral opacities have progressed since prior exams. There is small left pleural effusion. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged. Heart size is top normal. Aortic arch calcifications are noted. Right Port-A-Cath tip projects over proximal right atrium. Surgical clips and biliary stent project over right upper abdomen. Cervical fixation hardware is in place.
Impression: Diffuse bilateral opacities, most likely pulmonary edema, have progressed since prior studies. However, superimposed infection cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1293 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have slightly decreased. The diffuse bilateral parenchymal opacities, right more than left, are unchanged in extent and distribution. Increasing atelectasis at the left lung base. The size of the cardiac silhouette is constant.assistant

Sample 1294 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the vertebral fixation devices in the right-sided Port-A-Cath are in constant position. The pre-existing parenchymal opacities have slightly decreased in extent and severity. Also, a component of minimal interstitial fluid overload is less severe than on the previous image. Unchanged cardiac silhouette. No pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1295 Report:
Findings: A central venous catheter terminates at the cavoatrial junction. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 1296 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided. Cervical fusion hardware is noted in the lower C-spine. The heart and mediastinal contours appear normal. Blunting of the left CP angle on the lateral views suggest a small left pleural effusion. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. Heart and mediastinal contour is normal. Bony structures appear intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. A stent is partially visualized in the right upper quadrant.
Impression: Tiny left pleural effusion. Otherwise, unremarkable.assistant

Sample 1297 Report:
Findings: Slightly lower lung volumes are seen on the current exam with probable right basilar atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Impression: Right basilar opacity potentially atelectasis given lower lung volumes noting that infection cannot be entirely excluded.assistant

Sample 1298 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1299 Report:
Findings: Portable AP image of the chest. There has been interval placement of a right-sided chest tube which crosses the right lung base and impinges on the mediastinum. Haziness is seen in the right upper lung, which has an convex margin inferiorly and may represent loculated pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is seen. No dependent pleural fluid is seen. Opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
Impression: 1. Interval placement of right-sided chest tubes which cross the right lung base impinges and mediastinum. 2. Haziness in the right upper lung, which may represent loculated pleural effusion. A lateral radiograph could be obtained to further evaluate this opacity.assistant

Sample 1300 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1301 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation. Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1302 Report:
Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous examination. Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema. Mild cardiomegaly. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Clips projecting over the left thyroid region.assistant

Sample 1303 Report:
Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. Clips in the soft tissues of the lower neck noted. Lung volumes are low limiting assessment. Allowing for this, the lungs appear clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly normal. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute findings. Limited exam.assistant

Sample 1304 Report:
Impression: Heart size is enlarged, unchanged. Pulmonary artery is prominent most likely consistent with pulmonary hypertension potentially related to provided history of COPD. Lungs are hyperinflated. There is extensive amount of Coronary calcifications. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Low ablation along the left posterior medial diaphragm is demonstrated, unchanged since the prior study, consistent with small both iliac hernia. The patient is after wedge resection of the right middle lobe lesion. Assessment of the thoracic spine is suspicious for DISH. Overall no new findings demonstrated and abnormalities that would explain acute exacerbation noted.assistant

Sample 1305 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. A pigtail catheter projects over the posterior base of the right side chest. , its exact location uncertain. There is a small pleural effusion, partly loculated. This includes pleural thickening along the lateral side of the chest are. Although these findings are new of air in not necessarily acute and in the setting on chronicity of patchy new opacities in the right middle lobe and lingula is uncertain. Interstitium is mildly prominent throughout each lung which suggests are mild vascular congestion, however.
Impression: 1. Mild interstitial process most suggestive of vascular congestion. 2. Small loculated pleural effusion on the right with patchy densities which may be due to coinciding atelectasis. Although no recent prior radiographs are available, some of this appearance may be subacute or more chronic, although recent or ongoing infectious process is not excluded. 3. Pigtail catheter posterior along the posterior base of the chest; its exact location with respect to the diaphragm is not well delineated by the radiographs but it is compatible with pleural placement.assistant

Sample 1306 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Diffuse interstitial changes are present but substantially improved since the prior study. At least partially loculated right pleural effusion is noted. No pneumothorax is seen. Underlying interstitial lung disease is a possibility based on the current appearance of the EXAMINATION. Underlying emphysema is better appreciated on the recent CT chest.assistant

Sample 1307 Report:
Impression: There is now complete clearing of pre-existing interstitial parenchymal opacities. Moderate cardiomegaly persists. Status post thoracocentesis of a right pleural effusion. Last filling is a small amount of right effusion, on the lateral than on the frontal image. A part of this effusion could be subpulmonary. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. No left effusion. .assistant

Sample 1308 Report:
Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1309 Report:
Findings: Moderate right pleural effusion is decreased with right basilar pigtail catheter in place. A small left pleural effusion is unchanged. Mild pulmonary edema superimposed on chronic interstitial changes attributable to emphysema is unchanged. Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Extensive spinal degenerative changes are stable.
Impression: Decreased moderate right pleural effusion with chest tube in place. Stable small left pleural effusion. Stable mild pulmonary edema superimposed on emphysema.assistant

Sample 1310 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1311 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided. There is no focal consolidation, large effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. Atherosclerotic calcifications at the aortic knob noted. Bony structures are intact. There is blunting at the right CP angle laterally which could indicate mild pleural thickening or possibly a tiny effusion.assistant

Sample 1312 Report:
Findings: Moderate cardiomegaly is stable. Mild to moderate pulmonary edema is new. Right lower lobe opacities are likely atelectasis. There is pleural small right effusion. There is no evident pneumothorax. Catheter projects in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen
Impression: Mild to moderate pulmonary edemaassistant

Sample 1313 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1314 Report:
Findings: Both lungs are remarkable for diffuse, multifocal opacities predominantly in the lower lungs. Given clinical history, findings are concerning for multifocal pneumonia. There is probably a small left pleural effusion. Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: Multifocal pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1315 Report:
Findings: Multifocal areas of consolidation are again demonstrated bilaterally, affecting the right lung to a greater degree than the left. Findings are consistent with history of multifocal pneumonia. Persistent small left pleural effusion is also demonstrated.assistant

Sample 1316 Report:
Findings: Bilateral multifocal opacities predominantly in the lower lungs concerning for pneumonia, unchanged since yesterday. Presumed Small left pleural effusion is similar. Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: Multifocal pneumonia, unchanged over last 24 hours.assistant

Sample 1317 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the bilateral parenchymal opacities are unchanged in extent and severity. No opacities have newly appeared. Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette. No pneumothorax, no larger pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1318 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded clear lungs. There is no pneumothorax, consolidation, or pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.
Impression: No pneumothorax. Normal mediastinal width.assistant

Sample 1319 Report:
Findings: There is severe cardiomegaly, slightly increased compared to prior. There is a new Swan-Ganz catheter with tip in the right main pulmonary artery. Lung volumes are slightly low and there is volume loss/ early infiltrate at the bases. There is no pneumothoraxassistant

Sample 1320 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Left-sided cardiac pacing device with leads a follow the expected course to the right atrium, right ventricle and coronary sinus. Previously seen atelectasis and effusion at left base are resolved. There is no pulmonary edema. Moderate cardiomegaly is stable. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Stable wedge deformities are seen in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1321 Report:
Findings: The heart is moderately enlarged. There is mild prominence of pulmonary vascularity and interstitium without frank pulmonary edema. Patchy opacity in the lingula is linear and suggests atelectasis. Small bilateral pleural effusions are suspected. The lungs are hyperinflated. There is a mild lower thoracic wedge compression deformity that appears chronic and correlates with the prior CT findings. Mild degenerative changes involve the right shoulder.
Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly and findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.assistant

Sample 1322 Report:
Findings: There is a pacemaker overlying the left chest, with leads that appear intact in the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. There is atelectasis the left base, with a small pleural effusion. The right lung is clear. Heart size is stable. The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: 1. Pacemaker in appropriate positioning without evidence of pneumothorax. 2. Atelectasis at left base with a small pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1323 Report:
Findings: The cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable there is likely a tortuous aorta. The right costophrenic angle is not completely included in the image. Given this, no pleural effusion is seen. There is no focal consolidation or evidence of pneumothorax.
Impression: Right costophrenic angle not completely included on the image; given this, no pleural effusion seen. Persistent enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without overt pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1324 Report:
Impression: Increasing extent. Of bilateral parenchymal opacities that pre existed. The symmetry of the changes would favor pulmonary edema rather than pneumonia. However, no other signs suggesting pulmonary edema are present so that bilateral pneumonia should be considered. Minimal increase in extent of bilateral pre-existing pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 1325 Report:
Findings: Left pleural pigtail catheter is in unchanged position. Left PICC terminates in mid SVC. Lung volumes are low. Bibasal atelectasis is persistent, obscuring the cardiac silhouette. Left pleural effusion is minimal. Moderate right subpulmonic pleural effusion may be slightly increased from before. There is no pulmonary edema.
Impression: 1. Left pleural pigtail catheter is in unchanged position. Left pleural effusion is minimal. Bibasilar atelectasis is persistent. 2. Right pleural effusion is moderate and may be slightly increased from before.assistant

Sample 1326 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1327 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or subdiaphragmatic free air.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No evidence of pneumomediastinum or free air beneath the diaphragms.assistant

Sample 1328 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance. Since the prior chest x-ray, right PICC has been removed, and a left-sided catheter has been placed, with tip terminating in the upper superior vena cava. There is no visible pneumothorax. Patchy opacities overlie the lower thoracic spine on the lateral radiograph and likely correspond to the left lower lobe given associated partial obscuration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. Small bilateral pleural effusions are also noted.
Impression: 1. Patchy left lower lobe opacity, most likely due to focal atelectasis in this recently postoperative patient. Pneumonia is considered less likely, but followup radiographs may be helpful in this regard. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1329 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest demonstrate a retrocardiac opacity that is consistent with a lower lobe pneumonia. This opacity is not seen on frontal exam, so it is unclear which side the pneumonia is on. Cardiomegaly is again noted. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Impression: Retrocardiac opacity concerning for lower lobe pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1330 Report:
Findings: Lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no lung opacities of concern. Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left Port-A-Cath through the left internal jugular approach ends at lower SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax.
Impression: Left Port-A-Cath terminates at the level of lower SVC. No pneumothorax. Both lungs are clear.assistant

Sample 1331 Report:
Findings: New right internal jugular central venous catheter terminates in the lower superior vena cava, just above the expected location of the cavoatrial junction. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Allowing for lower lung volumes on the current study compared to the prior, there is otherwise no relevant short-interval change except for development of minor atelectasis at the bases.assistant

Sample 1332 Report:
Impression: Left-sided pacemaker has been inserted with the leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle expected location. Diffuse interstitial changes are similar to prior study in the extent but appear to be more linear than consolidative and might reflect interval partial resolution of the process. Correlation with dedicated chest CT might be considered. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged in appearanceassistant

Sample 1333 Report:
Findings: A large hiatal hernia is re- demonstrated. Marked S-shaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine is re- demonstrated. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta again noted. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Pulmonary vascularity is not engorged. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Large hiatal hernia. Severe S-shaped scoliosis.assistant

Sample 1334 Report:
Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest. Lower lung volumes seen on the current exam. Indistinct pulmonary vasculature could be due to low lung volumes with component of vascular congestion is also possible. Linear opacity in the left lower lung suggestive of atelectasis. There is no confluent consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Again seen is a hiatal hernia. No acute osseous abnormality detected.
Impression: Indistinct pulmonary vasculature markings, potentially due to atelectasis and low lung volumes with component of vascular congestion is also possible.assistant

Sample 1335 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal and previously visualized apparent bulging of the right upper outer mediastinum is no longer seen, consistent with artifact. A nodule is again noted in the right upper lung. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine with moderate degenerative changes appears stable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process with resolution of artifact at the right upper outer mediastinum.assistant

Sample 1336 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a left pectoral pacemaker. The course of the pacemaker leads is unremarkable, 1 lead projects over the right atrium and 1 over the right ventricle. There is no pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. The known left basal atelectasis is completely unchanged.assistant

Sample 1337 Report:
Findings: The heart appears mildly enlarged. The aorta is calcified along the arch. There is patchy left basilar opacity involving the lingula and left lower lobe, probably compatible with atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Opacities at the left lung base, probably compatible with atelectasis. Infectious process is not excluded, however.assistant

Sample 1338 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal. The descending aorta is slightly tortuous. The lungs are clear of active process and well expanded. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left PICC line with its tip in mid to distal SVC.
Impression: Clear lungs.assistant

Sample 1339 Report:
Findings: There has been interval placement of a right-sided catheter with pigtail projecting over the liver. A persistent moderate size right pneumothorax remains with continued leftward shift of mediastinal structures as seen on the chest CT scout. Increased subcutaneous emphysema in the right lateral chest wall is noted. Streaky opacities are noted in the right lung likely reflective of atelectasis. Low lung volumes are present which results in crowding of bronchovascular structures and left basilar atelectasis. Cardiac and mediastinal contours otherwise remain unchanged. Right lateral rib fractures are better assessed on the previous CT.
Impression: Interval placement of right-sided catheter with pigtail projecting over the liver. Persistent moderate size right pneumothorax with continued mild leftward shift of mediastinal structures. Patchy atelectasis in both lungs. Increased subcutaneous emphysema in the right lateral chest wall.assistant

Sample 1340 Report:
Impression: Left PICC line tip terminates at the level of lower SVC. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Lungs are essentially clear. There is no appreciable pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1341 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change.
Impression: No change.assistant

Sample 1342 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation. There are small bilateral pleural effusions seen best on the lateral view. No pneumothorax identified. The size the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of both acromioclavicular joints.
Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions. No focal consolidation identified.assistant

Sample 1343 Report:
Findings: Opacification at the lung bases is largely moderate atelectasis on the right, combination of moderate left pleural effusion and moderate atelectasis on the left. Upper lungs clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. No pneumoperitoneum. Left of diaphragmatic pleural drain in similar position, of of known peritoneal collection.
Impression: Moderate left effusion with moderate bibasal opacities have not been placed changed, given the adjacent sub phrenic intra-abdominal collection, there is concern for infected left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1344 Report:
Impression: Opacification at the lung bases is largely moderate atelectasis on the right, combination of moderate left pleural effusion and moderate atelectasis on the left. Upper lungs clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. No pneumoperitoneum.assistant

Sample 1345 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation is present. No acute osseous abnormalities are seen.
Impression: Normal chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 1346 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is prominence of the main pulmonary artery contour which raises concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. Please correlate clinically. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No pneumonia. Prominence of the main pulmonary artery contour is concerning for underlying pulmonary hypertension.assistant

Sample 1347 Report:
Impression: Multiple bilateral lung nodules consistent with the provided diagnosis of metastatic pheochromocytoma. Right apical opacity presents a large thyroid nodule, better seen on the same day chest CT. No fracture identified.assistant

Sample 1348 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 1349 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There has been interval removal of the left PICC. The soft tissues are not well evaluated, but no gross abnormality or subcutaneous air is identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1350 Report:
Findings: Left PICC line now ends at the distal left innominate vein. No pneumothorax. Lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. There is no pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1351 Report:
Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph. Left-sided IJ catheter tip is in the mid SVC. Median sternotomy wires are intact. Prosthetic aortic valve is in similar position. Lung volumes are still low with bibasilar atelectasis and a small pleural effusion on the right. However, there is no interstitial edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.
Impression: 1. Left-sided IJ catheter tip is in the mid SVC. 2. Bibasilar atelectasis and small right pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1352 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. There are small bilateral pleural effusions or pleural thickening. Minimal left upper lobe and left basal linear opacity could either be from scarring or atelectasis. There has been a prior sternotomy for aortic valve repair. There is no pneumothorax. Right humeral head is not included fully on this study and appears abnormally sclerotic. If warranted, a dedicated shoulder radiograph could be obtained for further characterization.assistant

Sample 1353 Report:
Findings: Left internal jugular central venous catheter terminates at the junction of the left brachiocephalic vein and superior vena cava but does not make the expected downward turn within the SVC. Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for technique. The lung volumes are low. Improved aeration at both lung bases with residual minor atelectasis remaining as well as small pleural effusions, right greater than left.assistant

Sample 1354 Report:
Impression: PA and lateral chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces aside from small region of linear scarring, atelectasis, or prior wedge resection in the lingula. There is no evidence of tuberculosis.assistant

Sample 1355 Report:
Findings: A left-sided Port-A-Cath terminates at the cavoatrial junction. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. There is scarring seen at the apex of the right lung. No pneumothorax is seen. There is a a small right pleural effusion.
Impression: Small right pleural effusion. No focal consolidation. An addendum will be added to this report if comparison films become available.assistant

Sample 1356 Report:
Findings: Lungs are hyperinflated. 2 poorly defined peripheral opacities are present in the periphery of the right mid lung and left lung base, for which further evaluation with CT is recommended. Small right pleural effusion is again noted. No pleural effusion on the left. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Tip of the left Port-A-Cath terminates in the low SVC.
Impression: 1. No pneumothorax. 2. Ill-defined opacities in the right mid lung and left lung base, for which further evaluation with CT is recommended. Diagnostic considerations include multifocal infection (including septic emboli and fungal organisms), bland infarcts, and vasculitis. Neoplasm is considered less likely but is not excluded radiographically. RECOMMENDATION(S): Chest CT.assistant

Sample 1357 Report:
Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There are patchy opacities in the left lower lobe suggestive of pneumonia in the appropriate setting, including a nodular component of opacification. A nipple shadow projects over the left lower hemithorax. The bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: Left basilar opacity worrisome for pneumonia, but including a nodular component. Followup radiographs are suggested to show resolution within eight weeks.assistant

Sample 1358 Report:
Findings: The heart is mild to moderately enlarged. The aortic arch is partly calcified. The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. There is no cephalization of pulmonary vascularity. Upper lung fields appear clear. There is a fine reticular abnormality which is fairly widespread in both visualized lower lobes and suggestive of a more chronic abnormality such as underlying interstitial lung disease or extensive scarring. An acute abnormality is felt more likely. Correlation to prior films could be helpful, if clinically indicated, to investigate further.
Impression: Reticulation in the lower lungs, probably chronic and suggestive of scarring or interstitial lung disease. If available, correlation with prior radiographs may be helpful if clinically indicated.assistant

Sample 1359 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. The heart is top normal in size and the aorta is unfolded. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The hyperexpanded appearance of the lungs is compatible with underlying known emphysema. Bony structures are intact. Anterior spurring in the mid thoracic spine noted.
Impression: Emphysema without superimposed pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1360 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 1361 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are very low, resulting an bronchovascular crowding, and accentuation of the cardiac silhouette. Left basilar opacity may represent atelectasis, however aspiration or pneumonia could be considered in the appropriate clinical setting. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute displaced rib fracture.
Impression: Left basilar opacity may represent atelectasis, however aspiration or pneumonia could be considered in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1362 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There are increased interstitial markings diffusely, with small amount of fluid noted within the fissures. Minimal blunting of the left costophrenic angle on the frontal view is also noted compatible with a trace left pleural effusion. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Mild diffuse interstitial abnormality suggestive of an atypical infectious process with a trace left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1363 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the amount of loculated gas in the right lung apex has substantially decreased. No recent pneumothorax. The extent of the pre-existing loculated pleural effusion is constant. Normal appearance of the left lung, normal cardiac and mediastinal contours.assistant

Sample 1364 Report:
Findings: Left pneumothorax has nearly resolved, with only a very small residual air collection and fluid at the extreme left lung apex. Bilateral upper lobe volume loss is consistent with previous bleb and/or bulla resections. Smoothly marginated pleural opacities along the lateral lower chest bilaterally may reflect small effusions. Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits and without change.
Impression: Near resolution of left pneumothorax. Very small residual left apical gas collection.assistant

Sample 1365 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the left pneumothorax is unchanged. Also unchanged is the mild collection in the left soft tissues and the subtle post-surgical changes at the left lung bases. There is no evidence of tension. Unchanged appearance of the right lung, with post-surgical apical right-sided clips.assistant

Sample 1366 Report:
Impression: Continued small left apical pneumothorax, stable in size from the prior examination.assistant

Sample 1367 Report:
Impression: Unchanged very small left apical pleural air and fluid collection.assistant

Sample 1368 Report:
Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the right pigtail catheter has been removed. There is a small amount of loculated gas in the apical region on the right. Substantial collection of pleural fluid on this side persists.assistant

Sample 1369 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the two left-sided chest tubes have been removed. There is a remnant left pneumothorax, best seen at the level of the apex and the lateral chest wall. The diameter of the pneumothorax is approximately 5 mm. There is no evidence of tension. Clips at the apex of the right lung. Minimal air collections in the left lateral soft tissues. Postoperative very subtle opacities at the left lung base but no evidence of acute change.assistant

Sample 1370 Report:
Findings: There continues to be a pigtail catheter entering the right lower chest wall, with the pigtail in the right apical pleural space. A tiny pneumothorax persists along the right apex and along the right lateral chest wall. There is no evidence of diaphragmatic flattening or mediastinal shift. Otherwise, the cardiomediastinal contours and lungs are within normal limits. There is a small amount of right sided pleural fluid.
Impression: Continued tiny right apical lateral pneumothorax without evidence of tension.assistant

Sample 1371 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Multiple mediastinal clips are noted. No acute osseous abnormalities. Anterior cervicothoracic fixation hardware is partially visualized.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, no edema.assistant

Sample 1372 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. Increased pulmonary vascular congestion persists. There is more focal parenchymal disease in the right base which has not changed. Whether this represents pneumonia or focal pulmonary edema is difficult to determine. Likely there is small bilateral effusions. The heart remains enlarged. There is aortic arch calcification. Scoliosis of the spine again is noted. CONCLUSION: No significant interval change. Low lung volumes, pulmonary vascular congestion and focal density in the right base. Cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 1373 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance allowing for marked leftward patient rotation. Bibasilar atelectasis is noted, with worsening on the right, but near-resolution on the left. Small pleural effusions are present, but there is no evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1374 Report:
Findings: The heart size is unchanged when compared to prior examination. There has been no change in the degree of left-sided pleural effusion. There has been interval improvement of the right-sided pleural effusion. There is fluid in the major fissure, unchanged from prior. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or new parenchymal densities. The right PICC line tip remains unchanged in position, at mid portion of the SVC. There is marked S-shaped scoliosis of the spine.
Impression: Stable left pleural effusion with interval improvement of right-sided pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1375 Report:
Findings: There appears to be interval improvement of the left large pleural effusion; however, this may be secondary to differences in positioning. Again seen is bibasilar atelectasis. There has been an interval increase in vascular congestion bilaterally. There is no pneumothorax. A right-sided PICC line appears to terminate in the mid SVC. The heart and mediastinal contours are otherwise unremarkable.
Impression: Interval increase in vascular congestion bilaterally. Slight improvement in the left pleural effusion/hemothorax, although this may be secondary to positioning and technique.assistant

Sample 1376 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged scoliosis with subsequent asymmetry of the rib cage. The pre-existing bilateral parenchymal opacities, likely reflecting atelectasis as a consequence of the bilateral pleural effusions, are constant in extent. There is no new parenchymal abnormality. Minimal fluid overload. No pneumothorax. The right PICC line is in unchanged position.assistant

Sample 1377 Report:
Impression: Regression of patchy basal infiltrates but remaining linear atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1378 Report:
Findings: Cardiomegaly is noted with pulmonary edema and trace pleural effusions, right greater than left. No pneumothorax. Bony structures intact. Degenerative AC joint arthropathy.
Impression: Findings compatible with congestive heart failure.assistant

Sample 1379 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes. Linear opacity involving the left lung base likely represents atelectasis. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Heart size is normal. There is no pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax is seen. Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1380 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Moderate fluid overload, combined to cardiomegaly and a small right pleural effusion. Hemodialysis catheter in situ. The retrocardiac atelectasis that pre-existed is less severe than on the previous exam. No newly appeared focal parenchymal opacities suggesting pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1381 Report:
Findings: Since the prior radiograph, there has been no significant change. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Prominent interstitial markings with scarring at the apices, worse at the right, are unchanged. Linear opacities at the bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Osseous structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Unchanged diffuse reticular opacities and scarring.assistant

Sample 1382 Report:
Findings: The patient is rotated somewhat to the right. Given this, the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. There appears to be some volume loss in the right lung. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes left stable. No large pleural effusion is seen on the be difficult to exclude a trace right pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is seen.assistant

Sample 1383 Report:
Findings: In comparison with the prior study, there may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Otherwise, the appearance of the chest is unchanged. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. There is no pleural effusion. No new focal consolidation.
Impression: Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.assistant

Sample 1384 Report:
Findings: AP view of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes, which accentuate bronchovascular markings. There is no focal consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged since prior study. Heart size is top normal. Intrathoracic aorta appears tortuous. There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1385 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided. There is no definite sign of pneumonia or CHF. Overall appearance of the chest is unchanged from prior exam. No effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with an unfolded thoracic aorta likely accounting for the retrocardiac density. The bony structures are intact.
Impression: No acute findings in the chest.assistant

Sample 1386 Report:
Findings: Evaluation is somewhat limited by patient's positioning. Lung volumes are decreased. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Bibasilar opacities likely reflect subsegmental atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1387 Report:
Findings: The patient is status post right lower lobectomy with surgical sutures in the right hilar region. Heart size remains mild to moderately enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unchanged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Apart from minimal atelectasis in the right lung base, the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is seen. No mass lesion is clearly identified. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No lung mass identified. Minimal right basilar atelectasis. Status post right lower lobectomy. CT of the chest should be considered for further assessment given the history of a lung mass.assistant

Sample 1388 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low and there compressive changes at the bases. There is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm. There is mild pulmonary vascular redistribution. It is unclear how much of this is due to volume loss or if and it infectious infiltrate is present.
Impression: Volume loss/infiltrate in the lower lobes left greater than right.assistant

Sample 1389 Report:
Findings: Left-sided pacer with the tips in the right atrium and right ventricle. Prior mitral valve repair. Pulmonary vascular congestion has improved. Small to moderate left-sided effusion and small right effusion also improved. Persistent retrocardiac opacity can be atelectasis and effusion. Moderate cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Left-sided pacemaker with the tips in standard position. Improved pulmonary edema and effusions.assistant

Sample 1390 Report:
Impression: The patient is in mild interstitial pulmonary edema that has developed in the interim. Mediastinal contour is unchanged. Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of superior SVC. No appreciable effusion noted.assistant

Sample 1391 Report:
Findings: There has been interval decrease in the amount of vascular plethora. The heart continues to be mildly enlarged. There small bilateral effusions. There is volume loss at the bases.
Impression: Slight improvement in fluid status.assistant

Sample 1392 Report:
Findings: Dual lead left-sided pacer device is stable in position. The patient is status post median sternotomy and cardiac valve replacement.The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. There are lower lung volumes on the current study than on the prior. There is blunting of the posterior left costophrenic angle concerning for a left pleural effusion. No right pleural effusion is seen. Left base retrocardiac opacity may be represent combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis, however, underlying consolidation is difficult to exclude. While there may be minimal central pulmonary vascular engorgement, no overt pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: Left pleural effusion. Low lung volumes with possible minimal central pulmonary vascular engorgement. No overt pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1393 Report:
Impression: Expected positions of support devices. Slight decrease in pulmonary edema, now mild.assistant

Sample 1394 Report:
Impression: 1. Interval intubation with the endotracheal tube having its tip approximately 3 cm above the carina. Interval placement of a nasogastric tube which courses below the diaphragm and the tip projects over the stomach. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable. Both lungs are well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusions or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1395 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the position of the endotracheal tube is unchanged. The tube could be advanced by 1 to 2 cm, it is currently projecting with its tip approximately 4 cm above the carina. Minimal atelectasis in the retrocardiac lung regions. Unchanged monitoring and support devices. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette.assistant

Sample 1396 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. No evidence of pneumonia. Normal lung volumes. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.assistant

Sample 1397 Report:
Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormality seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1398 Report:
Impression: 1. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable. The lungs remain well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No evidence of pulmonary edema, pneumothorax or pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1399 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No overt pulmonary edema is seen. No displaced fracture is identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1400 Report:
Findings: Support and monitoring devices are in standard position, and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. An improving opacity is present in the left retrocardiac region, which may be due to resolving atelectasis or improving pneumonia if the patient has been receiving interval therapy. No new areas of consolidation are present within the remainder of the lungs.assistant

Sample 1401 Report:
Impression: 1. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable. Lungs remain well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusions, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Gaseous distention of the stomach.assistant

Sample 1402 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1403 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Right chest wall Port-A-Cath is seen with catheter tip in the mid SVC. There are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules compatible with known metastatic disease. Bilateral pleural effusions are present. Lower lobe consolidation, right greater than left is concerning for atelectasis and/or pneumonia. No pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: Multiple pulmonary nodules concerning for metastatic disease. Small pleural effusions with lower lobe consolidation concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1404 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Cholecystectomy clips are demonstrated in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. There are mild degenerative changes in the lower thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1405 Report:
Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Subsegmental atelectasis is demonstrated within the right mid lung field. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No radiographic evidence for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1406 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal, and hilar contours appear unchanged. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 1407 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained. The lungs are well expanded and clear. Probable suture material projects over the right lung apex. A density at the left lateral lung base is likely a nipple shadow. There is no consolidation, effusion, pneumothorax. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. There is no radiopaque projecting over the esophagus.
Impression: No radiopaque foreign body. No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1408 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No overt pulmonary edema is seen. No displaced fracture is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1409 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silouhettes are unremarkable. There is a chronic deformity of the right clavicle presumably from prior healed fracture.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1410 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. Cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1411 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided. Lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1412 Report:
Findings: The lungs are normally hyperexpanded but clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Mild hyper expansion of the lungs. No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1413 Report:
Findings: Lungs are clear without consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No masses or nodules are seen. The heart, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiac or pulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 1414 Report:
Findings: No previous images. There is a large right pleural effusion with the opacification extending upward to the level of the hilum. No vascular congestion or evidence of acute focal pneumonia. In the absence of shift of the mediastinum, this implies substantial volume loss in the right lower lung.assistant

Sample 1415 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear.assistant

Sample 1416 Report:
Findings: No definite focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No definite focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 1417 Report:
Findings: Position of right PICC is unchanged from the prior radiograph with no evidence of malposition. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal, and lungs are clear.assistant

Sample 1418 Report:
Findings: AP portable single view chest x-ray in upright position shows stable right subclavian PICC with tip in lower SVC. Lung volume is normal without consolidation or nodules suspicious for pneumonia. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1419 Report:
Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection. . Right PIC line ends in the region of the superior cavoatrial junction.assistant

Sample 1420 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Surgical clips are identified in the upper abdomen. Prior right PICC is no longer visualized.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1421 Report:
Findings: Right internal jugular central venous catheter terminates in the low SVC. The lungs are normally expanded and clear. The heart is not enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1422 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Surgical clips are seen overlying the midline abdomen.
Impression: No findings to suggest pulmonary embolism. If concern for pulmonary embolism persist, consider chest CTA for further evaluation.assistant

Sample 1423 Report:
Findings: The cardiac silhouette is indistinct. Hazy perihilar opacities and ill-defined pulmonary vascular markings are consistent with pulmonary edema. Blunting of the costophrenic angles and basilar opacities are compatible with moderate-sized pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis. Narrowing of the right acromiohumeral interval is consistent with rotator cuff injury. Deformity of the distal right clavicle is compatible with a prior injury at this location. Leads of a right chest wall pacer terminate over the right atrium and ventricle.
Impression: Pulmonary edema with moderate-sized bilateral pleural effusions and atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1424 Report:
Findings: Pulmonary vasculature is less dilated and there is less pulmonary edema than on prior exam. There is a right pleural effusion. There is plate atelectasis in the left mid zone. The right ventricle pacer wire passes in a supero-oblique direction within the heart instead the usual infero-oblique direction. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size cannot be assessed due to bilateral bibasilar opacities. There is a possibility that there an underlying pneumonia hidden by the pleural effusion and pulmonary edema. Recommend followup imaging as the edema clears.
Impression: Right pleural effusion. Left basilar plate atelectasis. Improving pulmonary edema. Recommend followup chest imaging to rule out pneumonia after pulmonary edema has cleared.assistant

Sample 1425 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Minimal degenerative change is seen along the spine. No displaced fracture is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1426 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are remarkable for a tortuous thoracic aorta. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1427 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. There is minimal right lower lung atelectasis. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contours are normal. There are no pleural effusions.
Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary findings.assistant

Sample 1428 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. The lungs are clear and well expanded. No effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No definite bony injury.assistant

Sample 1429 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1430 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a subtle right infrahilar opacity. There is no acute osseous abnormality.
Impression: Subtle right infrahilar opacity which could represent early or resolving pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1431 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. There is a persistent opacity in the lingula in the region of previously identified consolidation. It may be due to scarring with component of atelectasis, especially given that it is more conspicuous on the frontal than on the lateral view. Linear right basilar opacities are also seen potentially due to atelectasis. There is no new large consolidation nor effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality detected.
Impression: Asymmetric left greater than right basilar opacities. On the left it may represent a combination of scarring and atelectasis noting that acute infection is not completely excluded. No new region of consolidation.assistant

Sample 1432 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. There is no displaced rib fracture.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process or evidence of traumatic injury.assistant

Sample 1433 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are stable with lower thoracic compression deformities re- demonstrated. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1434 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. No prior. The lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1435 Report:
Findings: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is seen with central pulmonary vascular engorgement. There is minor linear left base atelectasis. No pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax. Enlargement of the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes is stable. A battery pack overlies the left hemi thorax.
Impression: Persistent cardiomegaly. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.assistant

Sample 1436 Report:
Findings: Battery pack overlies the left mid chest. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion appears slightly worse compared to the prior study. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, slightly worse compared to the prior study.assistant

Sample 1437 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Cardiomegaly is unchanged and there is persistent hilar engorgement. Mild pulmonary interstitial edema likely present. No large effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing signs of pneumonia. Mediastinal contour is unchanged. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: As above.assistant

Sample 1438 Report:
Findings: Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged. The aorta remains tortuous. Enlargement of the hila appears similar with mild pulmonary vascular congestion re- demonstrated. Previously noted right hilar and mediastinal lymphadenopathy on chest CT is not well assessed on the current radiograph. Patchy opacities in the lung bases may reflect atelectasis but infection is not excluded in the left lower lobe in the correct clinical setting. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated. There are no acute osseous abnormalities identified. An electronic device projects over the left chest wall.
Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Patchy opacities within the lung bases likely reflects atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1439 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Minimal platelike lower lung atelectasis noted. The heart appears mildly enlarged. The hila appear slightly engorged though there is no frank edema. No large effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing signs of pneumonia. Mediastinal contour is unchanged. Bony structures are intact. Implanted cardiac monitor is seen in the left anterior chest wall as on prior.
Impression: Stable mild cardiomegaly. Hilar engorgement without frank edema.assistant

Sample 1440 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Pulmonary vascular congestion is mild. Cardiomegaly is similar to prior. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: Pulmonary vascular congestion is mild.assistant

Sample 1441 Report:
Findings: When compared to prior, there has been no significant interval change. Interstitial edema is again noted. There is no focal consolidation nor effusion. Moderate cardiac enlargement is unchanged. Tortuosity of descending thoracic aorta is again noted. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Interstitial edema. No focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 1442 Report:
Findings: Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is unchanged. There is mild interstitial pulmonary edema, slightly improved compared to the most recent chest radiograph. Aorta is tortuous and calcified at the aortic knob. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unchanged. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. An electronic device projects over the left chest wall.
Impression: Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, slightly improved in the interval.assistant

Sample 1443 Report:
Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable within the limitations of technique. The lungs appear clear. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No fracture is identified.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or injury.assistant

Sample 1444 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are slightly lower than on the prior exam. There compressive changes at the bases versus early infiltrates. Otherwise the appearance of the lungs are unchanged
Impression: Volume loss versus early infiltrates in the lower lobesassistant

Sample 1445 Report:
Impression: The patient is of the right upper lobectomy. A right postoperative chest tube is in situ. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Normal appearance of the left lung and of the heart.assistant

Sample 1446 Report:
Findings: Cardiac size is normal. The lungs are grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Postoperative changes are noted in the right upper lobe. Right chest tube is in place
Impression: No pneumothoraxassistant

Sample 1447 Report:
Findings: Small right apical pneumothorax is stable. No acute interval changes
Impression: Stable small right apical pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1448 Report:
Impression: The patient is of the right upper lobectomy. A right postoperative chest tube is in situ. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Normal appearance of the left lung and of the heart.assistant

Sample 1449 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the position of the PICC line is unchanged. The tip projects at the lower SVC level. There is no evidence of complication, notably no pneumothorax. Otherwise, the radiograph is normal.assistant

Sample 1450 Report:
Impression: Allowing for differences in technique, there has not been a relevant change in the appearance of the chest since recent study from 1 day earlier.assistant

Sample 1451 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the known right apical pneumothorax, best seen at the medial aspect of the right upper lung, is unchanged in extent. No evidence of tension. The patient is of the right upper lobe wedge resection. Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly and minimal atelectasis at the left lung bases. No larger pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1452 Report:
Findings: There is a tiny right apical pneumothorax. Right pleural effusion is small. Postoperative changes are noted in the right upper lobe. Widened mediastinum has improved. Bibasilar atelectasis larger on the left have increased. There are moderate to severe degenerative changes in the thoracic spine
Impression: Tiny right apical pneumothorax. Small right effusion.assistant

Sample 1453 Report:
Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. The res interval improvement of the right upper lung opacification after the right upper lobe wedge resection with stable appearance of the postsurgical changes. Left lung is clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1454 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1455 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1456 Report:
Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous image. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal contours. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions. Millimetric calcified right upper lobe granuloma.assistant

Sample 1457 Report:
Findings: The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There is increased opacity at the right lung base. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Opacity at the right lung base could reflect atelectasis, infection or aspiration.assistant

Sample 1458 Report:
Impression: No pneumothorax. Short interval worsening of bilateral airspace opacities with perihilar distribution and small bilateral pleural effusions consistent with worsening pulmonary edema, now moderate in severity.assistant

Sample 1459 Report:
Findings: There is moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. The aorta is diffusely calcified. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is re- demonstrated with interposition of the colon between the diaphragm and liver. Lungs remain hyperinflated with emphysematous changes. Right infrahilar mass corresponding to known malignancy is re- demonstrated with adjacent opacities in the right lung base which may reflect areas of atelectasis or infection but are similar compared to the prior radiograph. Scarring in the left lung base is re- demonstrated. There are likely small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax is identified. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Clip is demonstrated within the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Chain sutures are noted within the right lung apex.
Impression: Re- demonstration of right infrahilar opacity compatible with known malignancy with adjacent patchy opacity in the right lung base which may reflect areas of atelectasis though infection cannot be excluded. Probable small bilateral pleural effusions. Emphysema.assistant

Sample 1460 Report:
Findings: Compared to the films from the prior day the pulmonary edema has worsened. The heart is moderately enlarged. There is pulmonary vascular redistribution. There is a focal area of atelectasis/infiltrate in right lower lung has increased. Chain sutures are again seen in the right upper lung. Adenopathy is again visualized.
Impression: Worsening pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1461 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, caused by slightly distended right bowel loops. Atelectasis at the right lung bases and mild parenchymal opacities in the lateral parts of the right upper lobe base. These have not substantially changed as compared to the prior image. Moderate cardiomegaly with moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1462 Report:
Findings: Compared to the study from the prior day there is no significant interval change.
Impression: No change.assistant

Sample 1463 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1464 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. There are low lung volumes, which crowd the pulmonary vasculature. There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is moderate cardiomegaly. Given the significant overlying soft tissue, low lung volumes are difficult to assess for subtle consolidation; however, no definite consolidation is identified. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly. Limited study but no definite acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1465 Report:
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process If there is clinical concern for vascular pathology (aorta) as a cause of the patient's pain, recommend CTA of the chest for further assessment.assistant

Sample 1466 Report:
Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph. There is a tiny right apical pneumothorax, not clearly visible at 09:07. There is subcutaneous emphysema in the right supraclavicular region and along the right flank. Again noted is mild atelectasis in the left lung base. There is no pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
Impression: Tiny right apical pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1467 Report:
Impression: The patient has undergone right wedge resection. A millimetric medial and basal postoperative pneumothorax is visible. A right chest tube is in situ. No larger pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. No pneumonia. Unremarkable appearance of the left lung.assistant

Sample 1468 Report:
Findings: The tiny right pneumothorax persists. Associated subcutaneous emphysema has resolved. Nodularity at both lung bases corresponding to known pulmonary nodules is unchanged. Small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis are unchanged. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits.
Impression: Stable tiny right pneumothorax. Resolved subcutaneous emphysema. Stable small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1469 Report:
Findings: Again seen is a tiny right apical pneumothorax, similar to the prior film. Also again seen is subcutaneous emphysema in the right supraclavicular/right neck and right flank regions. Otherwise, I doubt significant interval change. Again seen is minimal patchy opacity at both lung bases, with slight blunting of both costophrenic angles.
Impression: As above..assistant

Sample 1470 Report:
Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis but no evidence for congestive heart failure or pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1471 Report:
Findings: Patient's arm partially obscures the lateral view P The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable with the cardiac silhouette top-normal to mildly enlarged. .
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1472 Report:
Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged. Aortic knob is calcified. The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged. Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No displaced fractures are evident.
Impression: Mild bibasilar patchy opacities likely reflective of atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1473 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral radiographs elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Mild cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable.assistant

Sample 1474 Report:
Findings: Subtle patchy left base retrocardiac opacity is seen which may be due to atelectasis but subtle infectious process is not excluded. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: Subtle patchy left base retrocardiac opacity, which may be due to atelectasis but subtle infectious process is not excluded.assistant

Sample 1475 Report:
Findings: Patient is rotated and there is an accentuated thoracic kyphosis. Soft tissue of the neck obscures visualization of the right lung apex. Within this limitation, the lungs are grossly clear. Blunting of the left lateral costophrenic angle is likely due to scarring and prominent pericardial fat. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Old healed left lateral rib fractures are noted. Compression deformities in the thoracic spine are also noted and were seen on prior.
Impression: Limited exam as detailed above without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1476 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours relatively unchanged. No pulmonary vascular congestion is noted. Small right pleural effusion appears new compared to the prior exam. There is also a small amount of fluid within the right minor fissure. Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities could reflect atelectasis but infection cannot be excluded. No pneumothorax is seen. Thoracic kyphosis is re- demonstrated with several compression deformities of the mid and lower thoracic spine appearing relatively unchanged. Diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures is again seen.
Impression: Small right pleural effusion with patchy bibasilar airspace opacities possibly reflecting atelectasis but infection is not excluded.assistant

Sample 1477 Report:
Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size. There is mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. The lung volumes are low with a small pleural effusion on the right and perhaps a tiny effusion on the left. Aside from patchy opacification associated with pleural effusions and low lung volumes, probably due to atelectasis, the lungs appear clear. Exaggerated kyphosis and compression deformities along the mid thoracic spine appear not significantly changed. The bones are demineralized.
Impression: Small pleural effusions, but no definite evidence for overt congestive heart failure or pneumonia. Borderline cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 1478 Report:
Impression: Chronic elevation right hemidiaphragm is probably responsible for atelectasis of the right lung base, and although there is mild pulmonary vascular congestion, I do not see edema. There is no pneumonia or pleural abnormality. Heart size top-normal. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1479 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. Vascular markings are less distinct suggestive of pulmonary vascular congestion. Blunting of posterior costophrenic angles suggestive of small bilateral effusions, not significantly changed. The cardiac silhouette is stable. Compression deformities at in the spine are again noted, unchanged in degree.
Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and trace bilateral effusions. No confluent consolidation.assistant

Sample 1480 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest are provided. Lung volumes are markedly low, which limits the evaluation. Allowing for this, no gross consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is seen. The heart size cannot be assessed. Mediastinal contour appears stable. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: Markedly limited exam due to low lung volumes. No overt pathology.assistant

Sample 1481 Report:
Findings: There is mild bilateral interstitial pulmonary edema. The heart is top-normal in size. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The glenohumeral joints demonstrate mild degenerative changes bilaterally.
Impression: 1. Mild bilateral interstitial pulmonary edema. 2. Mild degenerative changes in the glenohumeral joints bilaterally.assistant

Sample 1482 Report:
Impression: Heart size is enlarged. Mild vascular congestion in the mediastinum is noted but there is no overt pulmonary edema. Right upper lobe opacity is unclear if represent a chronic finding or new infection as well as right basal opacity that might represent atelectasis but infectious process is a possibility. Left basal atelectasis is minimal. Rib fractures are multiple on the left, old. Close attention to the right lung findings is recommended to exclude the possibility of developing infectious process.assistant

Sample 1483 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Lung volumes are somewhat low. Though, allowing for this, there is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1484 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. The heart is mildly enlarged. The hila appear slightly engorged. There is no convincing evidence for edema or pneumonia. No large effusion or pneumothorax. The mediastinal contour is unchanged. Bony structures appear intact.
Impression: Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion.assistant

Sample 1485 Report:
Impression: 1. Left subclavian central line, endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube are in unchanged position. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable. There are layering bilateral effusions with associated patchy opacities at both bases suggestive of patchy atelectasis, although a superimposed infectious process cannot be entirely excluded. No evidence of pulmonary edema. No large pneumothoraces. The mediastinal contours are stable. Overall, there has been no significant interval change.assistant

Sample 1486 Report:
Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. There is no pulmonary edema. Small bilateral pleural effusions, larger on the left, are slightly decreased in size compared to the prior exam. Streaky opacity in the right lung base and a more focal consolidative opacity in the left lung base likely reflect areas of compressive atelectasis though infection cannot be completely excluded. Calcified granuloma in the right mid lung field is unchanged. There is no pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.
Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions, minimally improved compared to the previous exam with bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflective of atelectasis though infection is not excluded.assistant

Sample 1487 Report:
Findings: In comparison with study of earlier in this date, there is little overall change in the appearance of the orogastric tube. The side hole is close to the esophagogastric junction and should be pushed forward several cm. There are lower lung volumes with bibasilar atelectatic changes and mild hazy opacification of the lower lungs raising the possibility of layering pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1488 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have minimally increased, likely reflecting improved ventilation. Moderate bilateral pleural effusions, combined with areas of atelectasis at the lung bases and pulmonary edema, however, persist. The monitoring and support devices are unchanged. There is no evidence for newly appeared parenchymal opacities in the lung parenchyma.assistant

Sample 1489 Report:
Findings: Indwelling support and monitoring devices are in standard position, and cardiomediastinal contours are stable. Overall, no short-interval change in bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1490 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. The bilateral pleural effusions and signs of mild fluid overload are unchanged. Retrocardiac atelectasis of unchanged extent but no evidence of new focal parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1491 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are unchanged. The effusion on the right has decreased as well as on the left. As a consequence, the areas of atelectasis have decreased in size and now better visible than previously. Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1492 Report:
Findings: Frontal radiograph of the chest shows unchanged monitoring and support devices. Bibasilar atelectasis with small left layering pleural effusion is again seen. No new area of focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are relatively unchanged.
Impression: Unchanged appearance with continued bibasilar atelectasis and small layering left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1493 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has developed a moderate right and a small left pleural effusion. There are bilateral areas of atelectasis, in proportion to the extent of the pleural effusions. Endotracheal tube is in situ. Left subclavian catheter is in correct position. Mild cardiomegaly. No evidence of pneumonia or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1494 Report:
Findings: The nasogastric tube courses through the esophagus, below the diaphragm and terminates in the fundus of the stomach, in appropriate position. The previously seen NG tube coil in the hypopharynx is not imaged on this study. Otherwise, the lungs, mediastinum, and heart are unchanged in appearance.
Impression: NG tube is in appropriate position, terminating in the stomach.assistant

Sample 1495 Report:
Impression: 1. Endotracheal tube with its tip at thoracic inlet. Nasogastric tube coursing below the diaphragm, with the tip and side port likely within the proximal stomach, unchanged. A left subclavian central line with its tip in the proximal SVC. Bilateral layering effusions with persistent retrocardiac consolidation likely reflecting partial lower lobe collapse, although pneumonia cannot be entirely excluded. The pulmonary vasculature remains somewhat prominent but no definite pulmonary edema is appreciated. Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged. No pneumothorax, although the sensitivity to detect a pneumothorax is diminished given supine technique.assistant

Sample 1496 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. There is new right upper lung linear opacity in left basal linear opacity consistent most likely with interval development of atelectasis. Infectious process would be less likely2 such as pneumonia and aspiration is another possibility to consider. No appreciable pleural effusion demonstrated.assistant

Sample 1497 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. There a new bibasal consolidations, concerning for bilateral aspiration or bibasal pneumonia. Atelectasis would be less likely. No definitive pulmonary edema demonstrated. No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.assistant

Sample 1498 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged cardiomegaly and evidence of mild pulmonary edema. Minimal blunting of the left costophrenic sinus could suggest a smaller left pleural effusion. Mild retrocardiac atelectasis. No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1499 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Massive cardiomegaly with retrocardiac atelectasis and signs of mild to moderate pulmonary edema. Likely bilateral small pleural effusions. No pneumonia. Unchanged appearance of the bony structures.assistant

Sample 1500 Report:
Findings: The lungs are mildly hypoinflated. Right lung is clear. New small left pleural effusion. No focal opacity. Top normal heart size. Mediastinal contour and hila are otherwise unremarkable. Limited assessment of upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: New small left pleural effusion. No evidence of pneumonia. Of note subtle infection may only be seen on CT scan.assistant

Sample 1501 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right upper lobe pneumonia has decreased in extent and severity but the patient has developed small bilateral pleural effusions. Mild basal areas of atelectasis persist. Mild fluid overload is unchanged. Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the monitoring and support devices.assistant

Sample 1502 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Calcifications are seen along the aortic knob. Lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1503 Report:
Impression: Multi focal pneumonia continues to clear, particularly in the right upper lobe. Both lower lobes are still substantially consolidated. Pleural effusion is small if any. Heart size top-normal. Tip of the endotracheal tube is above the upper margin of the clavicles, no less than 8 cm from the carina. The chin is in neutral or elevation, and therefore the tube should be advanced no more than 3 cm. Right jugular line ends at the origin of the SVC, left jugular line in the low SVC. Nasogastric drainage tube passes into a nondistended stomach and out of view. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1504 Report:
Findings: In comparison to prior study there is new multifocal opacity in the right hemithorax. A moderate left pleural effusion with associated compressive atelectasis is unchanged. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. New multifocal opacity in the right hemithorax concerning for pneumonia. 2. Stable moderate left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1505 Report:
Impression: Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of mid to lower SVC. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. There is interval progression of widespread parenchymal opacities concerning for interval development of are drug toxicity within the lungs or diffuse infectious process. Left pleural effusion is small to moderate, unchanged as well as left retrocardiac consolidation Further assessment with chest CT would be beneficial in that specific case.assistant

Sample 1506 Report:
Findings: The ET tube lies approximately 5.8 cm above the carina, slightly above the clavicular heads. An NG tube is present, tip extending beneath diaphragm, off film. Left IJ central line tip overlies the distal SVC near the SVC/RA junction. No pneumothorax is detected. Again seen is extensive parenchymal opacity in both lungs, worse on the right. Patchy opacity at the right base is probably slightly worse. Opacity at the left base may also be slightly worse, as left hemidiaphragm is now less distinct.
Impression: As above.assistant

Sample 1507 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the signs indicative of centralized pulmonary edema have increased in severity. In addition, minimal blunting of the left costophrenic sinus has newly appeared, suggesting the presence of a small pleural effusion. Mild cardiomegaly persists. No pneumothorax. The monitoring and support devices are constant.assistant

Sample 1508 Report:
Findings: Shallow inspiration accentuates heart size, pulmonary vascularity. Stable bilateral perihilar opacities, likely edema. Mildly worsened right apical opacity, edema likely, consider pneumonitis. Stable left pleural effusion, with left basilar consolidation.
Impression: Mildly worsened right apical opacity, likely edema, consider pneumonitisassistant

Sample 1509 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, a pre-existing small left pleural effusion is unchanged and a previous right pleural effusion. Has resolved. Parenchymal opacities are present. In the perihilar regions both on the left than on the right, suggesting a combination of centralized pulmonary edema and infection. Moderate cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax. The monitoring and support devices are constant.assistant

Sample 1510 Report:
Findings: The left IJ line projects slightly more distal, near the cavoatrial junction. Lines and tubes are otherwise grossly unchanged. No pneumothorax detected. Again seen are extensive patchy opacities in both lungs, most pronounced in the right upper and mid zones but also seen at the right and left bases and left perihilar region. The overall distribution is similar. Changes in the right upper and suprahilar zones may be slightly less dense. No gross effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unchanged. Prominence of the main pulmonary artery is again noted.
Impression: Extensive multiple bilateral opacities, non-specific, but compatible with multifocal pneumonia. These are overall similar to the study from 1 day earlier. There has been possible minimal improvement in the right upper/ suprahilar zones.assistant

Sample 1511 Report:
Findings: a.m.
Impression: Moderate left pleural effusion slightly larger. Previous widespread pulmonary abnormality a large. . Heart size top-normal. No central venous catheter.assistant

Sample 1512 Report:
Findings: Mild to moderate interstitial pulmonary edema with associated asymmetric right upper lobe opacity. A small left pleural effusion with adjacent basal atelectasis. No pneumothorax. The heart size is top-normal.
Impression: Moderate interstitial edema with asymmetric right upper lobe airspace disease can be asymmetric edema in the setting of mitral valve disease, acute papillary muscle injury in the setting of myocardial infarction or edema with concurrent right upper lobe pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1513 Report:
Findings: Mild left pleural effusion has worsened. Left basilar consolidation, likely represents atelectasis, consider pneumonitis in the appropriate clinical setting. Right basilar opacity has improved. Mildly increased pulmonary vascularity has worsened. Stable heart size. No pneumothorax.
Impression: Left pleural effusion has worsened. Left basilar consolidation, likely atelectasis, consider pneumonitis in the appropriate clinical setting. Increased pulmonary vascularity.assistant

Sample 1514 Report:
Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar with enlargement of the hila bilaterally compatible with pulmonary arterial enlargement. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Patchy right upper and lower lung field opacities appear improved compared to the prior study. A moderate size left pleural effusion may be minimally increased from prior with continued left basilar opacification, likely compressive atelectasis. No pneumothorax is detected. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: Right upper and lower lung field patchy opacities may reflect areas of infection, but appear improved compared to the previous radiograph. Moderate left pleural effusion appears mildly increased from prior, with continued left basilar compressive atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1515 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior study there has been a slight increase in the left pleural effusion with fluid extending into the left major fissure. Left lower lobe atelectasis is similar in extent, can't exclude superimposed infection. No other areas concerning for lower per consolidation are seen. Visualized bony structures have a somewhat mottled appearance, better demonstrated on the prior CT. .
Impression: Slight interval increase in the left-sided pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1516 Report:
Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged with a left ventricular configuration. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is a streaky left basilar opacity, which is concerning for pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. However, a similar appearance could probably be seen with atelectasis. Elsewhere, the lungs remain clear. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. The bony structures are unremarkable.
Impression: Left basilar retrocardiac opacity, which could be seen with pneumonia, although considerations would also include atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1517 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. A vague nodular opacity is seen in the right upper lung adjacent to the EKG electrode sticker. While this may represent a very tiny focus of pneumonia, followup to resolution is advised. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: Nonspecific vague nodular opacity in the right upper lung is of uncertain etiology. While this may represent a tiny focus of pneumonia, followup radiograph post treatment to ensure resolution.assistant

Sample 1518 Report:
Impression: Of the right-sided vats resection, the right chest tube is in constant position. The lung volumes have slightly decreased. There is no visible pneumothorax. Moderate cardiomegaly. The relatively extensive bilateral parenchymal opacities have minimally increased in extent.assistant

Sample 1519 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous image, the right-sided chest tube was removed. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The extensive bilateral parenchymal opacities, left more than right, are unchanged in extent and severity. The lung volumes remain low. Moderate cardiomegaly. Without pulmonary edema persists.assistant

Sample 1520 Report:
Impression: Mild increase in heterogeneous opacification right upper lobe, probably due to mild bleeding at the site of wedge resection. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Right pleural drain in place. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Chronic appearance infiltrative abnormality left lung.assistant

Sample 1521 Report:
Impression: 1. There continues to be a patchy streaky opacity in the left mid lung in a known area of interstitial fibrosis. Overall, it appears to be slightly worse, although this could be related to differences in technique. A superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. The remaining lungs are otherwise grossly clear. No evidence of pulmonary edema. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable. No pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. No evidence of pneumothorax. Clinical correlation is advised and further imaging evaluation with CT at this time should be based on the clinical assessment.assistant

Sample 1522 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. There are no findings to suggest pneumomediastinum. No radiopaque foreign body is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No radiopaque foreign body.assistant

Sample 1523 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.assistant

Sample 1524 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Left lower lobe consolidation is worrisome for pneumonia. The right lung is clear. No definite pleural effusion is seen although a trace left pleural effusion will be difficult to exclude. There is no pneumothorax. There may be minimal apical pleural thickening. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable, as are the hilar contours.
Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1525 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1526 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views the chest provided demonstrate right basal opacity concerning for a combination of atelectasis and pneumonia. No large effusion or pneumothorax. Left lung is clear. No signs of congestion or edema. Heart size appears within normal limits. Mediastinal contour is normal. Bony structures appear intact.
Impression: Right basal opacity concerning for a combination of atelectasis and pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1527 Report:
Findings: AP portable semi upright view of the chest. Low lung volumes limits evaluation. Bibasilar atelectasis is present. There is no convincing evidence for pneumonia or edema. No large effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is difficult to assess. Mediastinal contour is normal. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis. Otherwise unremarkable.assistant

Sample 1528 Report:
Findings: The lungs are mildly hyperinflated. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. The heart is top-normal in size, however, there is no evidence for pulmonary edema.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1529 Report:
Impression: Low lung volumes. Moderate cardiomegaly. Bilateral parenchymal opacities at the lung bases, right more than left, with air bronchograms, that could reflect pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. No pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No larger pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1530 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of bilateral parenchymal opacities with air bronchograms, likely reflecting pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. Pre-existing signs of mild pulmonary edema have decreased but fluid overload is still present. No larger pleural effusions.assistant

Sample 1531 Report:
Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1532 Report:
Findings: The lungs are hypoinflated with crowding of vasculature. No pleural effusion pneumothorax. Heart size is top normal and accentuated due to low lung volumes. Mediastinal contour and hila are unremarkable. No displaced rib fracture identified.
Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. No displaced rib fracture.assistant

Sample 1533 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low, similar to the prior exam and resultant bronchovascular crowding. No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. The hila are unremarkable. Heart size is normal. No evidence of acute osseous abnormality. Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant likely correspond to history of "cholecystectomy.
Impression: Low lung volumes resulting in bronchovascular crowding. No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1534 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were provided. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The bones are intact.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1535 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have decreased on the right, causing plate-like atelectasis at the right lung base. Otherwise, no relevant changes seen. Well ventilated left lung with only a single plate-like atelectasis at the level of the hilus. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. The monitoring and support devices are constant. The air collection in the soft tissues at the level of the right-sided neck has slightly decreased.assistant

Sample 1536 Report:
Findings: Following removal of right-sided chest tube, there is a probable tiny right apical pneumothorax present. Widening of right mediastinal contours at the operative site with associated leftward deviation of the trachea are unchanged, as well as a moderate, partially loculated right pleural effusion. Improving opacities in the right mid and lower lung regions probably represent post-operative atelectasis. Additional atelectasis is again demonstrated in the left retrocardiac region, as well as a small left pleural effusion. Right hemidiaphragm remains markedly elevated in the post-operative period. If warranted clinically, right lateral decubitus view could be obtained to differentiate elevation of the diaphragm from a subpulmonic effusion.
Impression: Tiny right apical pneumothorax following chest tube removal. Persistent mediastinal widening at operative site, which may represent post-operative fluid collection or hematoma.assistant

Sample 1537 Report:
Findings: As compared to prior chest x-ray, there are no interval changes. The stent project in the same position without changes in caliber or confirmation. The right upper parahilar mass is redemonstrated. There is no pneumothorax or new consolidations. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. There is moderate air gastric distension
Impression: Status quo.assistant

Sample 1538 Report:
Findings: Right chest tube remains in place, with no visible pneumothorax. Stable postoperative widening of the right mediastinal contour with some leftward deviation of the trachea. It is uncertain whether this represents mediastinal fluid collection or hematoma following resection of a large mediastinal mass in this region. Right hemidiaphragm remains elevated in the postoperative period, and there are persistent opacities in the right middle and right lower lobes, most likely due to atelectasis. Small-to-moderate right pleural effusion persists, as well as a small left pleural effusion. Left lung is grossly clear except for improving atelectasis in the retrocardiac area.assistant

Sample 1539 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest. There is interval resolution of the fullness of the right mediastinum, with interval improvement in the right basilar atelectasis. Surgical clips are seen overlying the right mediastinum, reflective of previous surgery. No acute consolidation is identified. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected. The cardiac contour is normal. Persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is again noted, possibly related to phrenic nerve injury. The trachea is midline.
Impression: 1. Interval improvement in right mediastinal fullness with now midline trachea. 2. Interval improvement in right basilar atelectasis. 3. No focal consolidation. 4. Continued elevation of right hemidiaphragm.assistant

Sample 1540 Report:
Findings: Large mediastinal mass shifting trachea leftwards with patent tracheal stent. Tip of right pleural drain impinges on mediastinum. No pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. Interval increase of bibasilar atelectasis, right greater than left with new small right pleural effusion. Heart size and left mediastinal contour are normal. No bony abnormality.
Impression: 1. Mild increase in bibasilar atelectasis, right greater than left. No pneumothorax. 2. New small right pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1541 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1542 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Some degenerative changes are seen along the spine, including anterior osteophytosis.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1543 Report:
Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size. There is moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. A small eventration is noted along the anterior right hemidiaphragm. The lungs appear clear. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. There is no suggestion of hiatal hernia on these radiographs. The bones are probably demineralized to some degree. Mild degenerative changes involve the mid thoracic spine and left acromioclavicular joint.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease. Tortuous aorta, often seen in the setting of hypertension. No evidence for hiatal hernia.assistant

Sample 1544 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1545 Report:
Findings: Single portable semi-erect chest radiograph demonstrates endotracheal tube terminating 2.8 cm above the carina. Enteric catheter terminates in the fundus of the stomach with sideport at the expected level of GE junction and could be advanced several centimeters for better function. Right central venous catheter terminates at the cavoatrial junction. Remainder of exam is unchanged with unremarkable cardiomediastinal borders, clear lungs and no pleural fluid.
Impression: Endotracheal tube terminates 2.8 cm above the carina. Enteric catheter terminates in the fundus and could be advanced several centimeters. Otherwise, unchanged exam.assistant

Sample 1546 Report:
Findings: Normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours. The patient has been extubated the NG tube has been removed compared to the prior study. The right internal jugular central venous catheter is in unchanged position in the low SVC. Trace bilateral pleural effusions are noted with no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
Impression: Trace bilateral pleural effusions. No focal consolidationassistant

Sample 1547 Report:
Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Accounting for portable technique, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities are identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary radiographic abnormality.assistant

Sample 1548 Report:
Findings: Prior left PICC no longer visualized. The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1549 Report:
Findings: Lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. No focal consolidations are seen. No pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities are detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1550 Report:
Findings: A left pectoral pacemaker/AICD with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle is unchanged. There is no lead disruption or fracture. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size but unchanged. The mediastinal and hilar structures are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1551 Report:
Findings: Dual lead left-sided AICD is stable in position. Small right pleural effusion persists. No left pleural effusion is seen. There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. No pulmonary edema
Impression: Persistent small right pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1552 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No pulmonary edema is seen. No displaced fracture is identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1553 Report:
Findings: AP portable single view chest x-ray in upright position shows reduced lung volume with new bilateral widespread opacification and interval increase of the vascular pedicle, compatible with new moderate pulmonary edema. Heart size is still moderately enlarged in a patient who has had median sternotomy for cardiac surgery. Bibasilar opacities, denser in the left lung base are probably due to the bibasilar pleural effusion, larger to the left. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: New moderate pulmonary edema with central vein distention, moderate cardiomegaly and bibasilar pleural effusion, larger to the left.assistant

Sample 1554 Report:
Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the Dobbhoff tube extends to the mid body of the stomach, before coiling on itself and heading upward so that the opaque tip is at the esophagogastric junction or possibly in the distal esophagus. This information was immediately telephoned to surgical ICU and conveyed to the nurse taking care of the patient.assistant

Sample 1555 Report:
Findings: The Dobbhoff tube is in the stomach. This should be advanced. There is volume loss at both bases with small bilateral effusions left greater than right, with volume loss/infiltrate at the bases. There are continued bilateral pneumothoraces, right greater than left..assistant

Sample 1556 Report:
Findings: Feeding tube is been removed. A right IJ line is unchanged. There is volume loss at both bases. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. There is pulmonary vascular redistribution with ill-defined vasculature and moderately enlarged heart compatible with CHF. Compared to the prior exam, the appearance of the lungs is slightly worse.assistant

Sample 1557 Report:
Findings: Compared to the study from the prior day, the pulmonary edema appears worse. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. There is volume loss at both bases. There is hazy alveolar infiltrate bilaterally. There is pulmonary vascular re-distribution. The ET tube, left-sided PICC line, feeding tube with tip coiled in the stomach, sternal wires, and mediastinal clips are unchanged.
Impression: Worsened pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1558 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. There is dense right basilar opacity compatible with pneumonia. Less significant retrocardiac opacity and left mid lung opacity seen as well, potential additional sites of consolidation. Superiorly, the lungs are clear. There is no definite effusion. Cardiac silhouette is slightly enlarged but likely accentuated due to relatively low lung volumes, particularly on the frontal view. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.
Impression: Right middle and lower lobe opacities compatible with infection in the proper clinical setting. Smaller region of consolidation in the left lung laterally. Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution, to exclude underlying lesion.assistant

Sample 1559 Report:
Findings: A portable frontal chest radiograph again demonstrates multiple sternotomy, a nasogastric tube, endotracheal tube, and left PICC, all of which are unchanged in position. The exam is not significantly changed from prior chest radiograph, and redemonstrates mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema, as well as bibasilar atelectasis and a small to moderate left pleural effusion. Right base atelectasis may be slightly improved.
Impression: Possible minimal improvement in right lower lobe atelectasis. Otherwise unchanged chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 1560 Report:
Findings: New ET tube has been placed with tip ending at 5 cm from carina. New NG tube has been placed with side hole in proximal gastric cavity, can be advanced a few centimeters. Lung volume has minimally increased with interval improvement of bilateral opacities, especially on the left lung due to improved pulmonary edema,which is still mild in the right lung. Heart size is moderately enlarged. Bbibasilar pleural effusions is unchanged, larger to the left. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1561 Report:
Impression: ET and NG tubes and left PICC are unchanged and in standard position. Lung volume is reduced with bibasilar opacities, denser at the lung bases due to consolidation and pleural effusion, which is larger to the left. Mild pulmonary edema is stable. Heart size is still mildly enlarged. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1562 Report:
Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is noted.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1563 Report:
Findings: Cardiac size is accentuated by low lung volumes and appears mildly enlarged, slightly increased in size compared to prior exam likely due to differences in technique. The aorta is diffusely calcified. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is not engorged. Assessment for a pleural effusion is slightly limited as the costophrenic angles were not completely imaged on the frontal view, but there appears to be minimal blunting of the costophrenic angles posteriorly on the lateral view which may be due to tiny pleural effusions or chronic pleural thickening, as seen on the previous exam. No pneumothorax is identified. Moderate multilevel degenerative changes are re- demonstrated in the thoracic spine.
Impression: Possible trace bilateral pleural effusions. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1564 Report:
Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. Mild basal atelectasis. No large consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits. Right-sided rib fractures are better assessed on the same day CT torso.
Impression: No pneumothorax. Rib fractures better assessed on same-day CT exam.assistant

Sample 1565 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral view of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Imaged bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No signs of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1566 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The osseous structures are unremarkable
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalitiesassistant

Sample 1567 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Midline sternotomy wires again noted as well as a valve replacement. Lung volumes are low. The lungs appear clear without focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. No signs of congestion or edema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute findings. Limited by low lung volumes.assistant

Sample 1568 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The patient is status post median sternotomy and cardiac valve replacement. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are relatively low lung volumes. Mediastinal contours are stable. There is no overt pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation or large pleural effusion is seen. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. No displaced fracture is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No displaced rib fracture is seen, however, if clinical concern is high, dedicated rib series or CT is more sensitive.assistant

Sample 1569 Report:
Findings: PA upright and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate well-expanded and symmetric lungs. No focal opacity is seen. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are without acute abnormality. Prior right clavicular healed fracture is identified.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality. If symptoms persist, dedicated CT to further evaluate airways is recommended.assistant

Sample 1570 Report:
Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged, stable compared to the prior exam. There is no pulmonary edema. The hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. There is stable pleural scarring over the right lateral hemithorax, likely secondary to post-radiation changes. No new focal consolidations are seen. There is no evidence of a pneumothorax. Trace left pleural effusion appears stable.
Impression: No new focal consolidation suggestive of an infection identified.assistant

Sample 1571 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1572 Report:
Findings: Normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fracture.
Impression: No acute process.assistant

Sample 1573 Report:
Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with the heart size within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1574 Report:
Findings: The heart size is normal. There is mild tortuosity of the descending aorta. Mediastinal and hilar contours otherwise are unremarkable, and the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. The pulmonary vascularity is normal.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1575 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1576 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1577 Report:
Findings: Sternotomy wires appear intact and appropriately aligned. The lungs are well expanded and clear. No pulmonary edema. Heart size is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1578 Report:
Impression: Heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. There is again seen a hazy opacity at the right base. This may represent atelectasis or developing infiltrate. Followup to resolution is recommended. There are no signs for overt pulmonary edema. No pneumothoraces are seen.assistant

Sample 1579 Report:
Impression: Anterior costal calcifications project over a region of possible peribronchial infiltration in the right lower lobe centrally, projecting lateral to the heart, is of uncertain chronicity. It could be an early infection. Any prior chest radiograph should be evaluated to see if this is a new finding warranting further investigation. If there is none, I would recommend routine oblique views to confirm its appearance. Lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size normal. Normal mediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural contours. RECOMMENDATION(S): Prior radiograph should be obtained to evaluate possible right lower lobe lesion. Oblique views would be useful if there is any question about its chronicity or its presence. CT scanning may ultimately be necessary if oblique views are equivocal.assistant

Sample 1580 Report:
Impression: Severe global pulmonary opacification has improved slightly in the right lung, worsened on the left since most recent study. This may reflect left cubitus positioning. Pleural effusion is presumed but not large. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. ET tube is in standard placement. Nasogastric tube passes into the stomach and out of view. The prior study showed that more proximally it was looped in the hypopharynx but this region is not included on this study, so malposition is not excluded. Right internal jugular line ends in the upper right atrium.assistant

Sample 1581 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have improved, reflecting better ventilation or increased ventilatory pressures. However, the extent of the pre-existing parenchymal opacities, predominating in the mid and lower lung zones, are constant. Moderate atelectasis in the retrocardiac lung regions and at the lung bases. No larger pleural effusions. The position of the endotracheal tube is constant.assistant

Sample 1582 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing parenchymal opacities have substantially improved. However, there still is evidence of perihilar haziness as well as of minimal fluid overload. Lung volumes remain low. Monitoring and support devices are constant.assistant

Sample 1583 Report:
Findings: ET tube terminates 3.3 cm above the carina. Coalescent, bilateral, perihilar opacities reflect alveolar edema. Linear densities in the right mid and lower lung may reflect atelectasis. Blunting of the costophrenic angles suggests small, bilateral pleural effusions.
Impression: Central alveolar edema and small, bilateral pleural effusions suggest volume overload.assistant

Sample 1584 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Osseous structures demonstrates no acute abnormality.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.assistant

Sample 1585 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal. Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1586 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Suture material is noted adjacent to the right heart border. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute findings.assistant

Sample 1587 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1588 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable, as are the hilar contours.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1589 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1590 Report:
Findings: There is an endotracheal tube in appropriate position, terminating 3.7 cm above the level of carina. A right internal jugular central venous line terminates in the mid SVC. An enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Lung volumes are low causing crowding of the central bronchovascular structures. The heart is top-normal in size given the low lung volumes. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no pulmonary edema.
Impression: Appropriate position of support lines and devices. Low lung volumes.assistant

Sample 1591 Report:
Impression: ET tube tip is 3.7 cm above the carinal. NG tube tip is in the stomach. Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of lower SVC. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Bibasal opacities are moderate. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1592 Report:
Findings: Severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is noted. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable, and there is no pulmonary vascular congestion. Linear and streaky opacities in the lung bases most likely reflect atelectasis. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1593 Report:
Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1594 Report:
Findings: Heart size is top normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Minimal degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1595 Report:
Findings: AP and lateral chest radiographs were obtained. There is mild bronchovascular crowding and left basilar atelectasis likely related to low lung volumes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Medial left base retrocardiac density corresponds to known hiatal hernia, similar in appearance compared to prior study. There are chronic degenerative changes of bilateral glenohumeral joints. An old sternal fracture is again noted.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1596 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained. No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax is present. Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1597 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate clear well-expanded lungs without focal consolidation or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged, the mediastinal contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.
Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly with no acute chest abnormality.assistant

Sample 1598 Report:
Findings: Portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates clear well-expanded lungs. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged, the mediastinal contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.
Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly, without acute chest abnormality.assistant

Sample 1599 Report:
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary pathology.assistant

Sample 1600 Report:
Findings: PICC line has been removed. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1601 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1602 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen. The aorta is tortuous. Heart size is normal.
Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1603 Report:
Impression: Cardiomegaly and sternal wires are unchanged in appearance. There is slight improvement of left basal atelectasis. Small pleural effusion is still present on the left. Old rib fractures on the right are re- demonstrated. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1604 Report:
Impression: Cardiomegaly is substantial. Large hiatal hernia is unchanged. There is no interval increase in pleural effusion or development of pneumothorax. Previously seen small to moderate amount of left pleural effusion is unchanged. Aortic valve is in expected position.assistant

Sample 1605 Report:
Findings: Sternotomy, AVR. Decreased pulmonary vascularity, heart size since prior exam. There is small left pleural effusion, improved. Improved left basilar atelectasis. Possible trace right pleural effusion. . Chronic right rib fractures. There are aortic calcifications.
Impression: Interval mild improvement.assistant

Sample 1606 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs are well-expanded without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Moderate degenerative changes are seen throughout the spine. The upper abdomen is unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1607 Report:
Impression: No previous images. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting some element of chronic pulmonary disease. Blunting of the right costophrenic angle could reflect pleural effusion or pleural thickening. No definite pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1608 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The chest is hyperinflated. Blunting of the right costophrenic angle is unchanged and due to subpleural scarring rather than effusion.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 1609 Report:
Findings: Frontal and 2 lateral views of the chest. Better seen on the lateral exam is a small area of opacity projecting over the cardiac shadow on both lateral views. There is no definite correlate on the frontal however it may localize to the left. The lungs are otherwise clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality detected. No free air is seen below the diaphragm.
Impression: Focal opacity best seen on the lateral view projecting over the cardiac shadow, potentially localizing to the left. This was not identified on remote prior and may represent atelectasis however a developing infection is also possible in the proper clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1610 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. A calcified granuloma is again seen projecting over the right mid lung. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Chronic left ribcage deformities are unchanged. Severe right glenohumeral joint disease is noted. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1611 Report:
Findings: The right PICC terminates in the mid SVC. The lungs are clear. There is a stable 7 mm calcified nodule in the right midlung. Multiple old rib fractures are present. The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal.
Impression: Right PICC terminates in the mid SVC.assistant

Sample 1612 Report:
Impression: Right PICC line terminates at the level of mid SVC. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Right mid and lower lung atelectasis are noted, overall unchanged since the prior study and might potentially represent chronic interstitial changes as well. No new abnormalities demonstrated.assistant

Sample 1613 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette grossly unchanged. Lung volumes are low with increased bibasilar lung opacity. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
Impression: Bibasilar lung opacity, concerning for pneumonia in the correct clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1614 Report:
Findings: There is a minimal volume loss at both bases but no definite infiltrate. The heart size is mildly enlarged but is similar compared to prior. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
Impression: Volume loss at both bases.assistant

Sample 1615 Report:
Findings: Mild bibasilar atelectasis is seen. There is no definite focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. The hilar contours are stable. A subtle tubular structure is seen projecting over the upper abdomen, partially imaged.
Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis. No pleural effusion seen.assistant

Sample 1616 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained. The lungs are fully expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal given patient's dextroscoliosis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1617 Report:
Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. The lungs are clear. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of acute disease.assistant

Sample 1618 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Lung volumes are somewhat low, with bronchovascular crowding noted at the lower lungs. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. Bony structures appear intact. No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1619 Report:
Findings: The lung volumes are low and cause crowding of the pulmonary vascular markings. Bibasilar atelectasis is noted, greatest in the left base. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are otherwise without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. No free air is noted under the hemidiaphragms. No acute fractures are identified. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
Impression: Bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis, however, pneumonia must be excluded in the proper clinical setting. No acute cardiopulmonary process otherwise.assistant

Sample 1620 Report:
Findings: Compared with prior exam, there has been mild interval improvement of aeration of both lungs, but there are still bilateral diffuse alveolar opacities compatible with pulmonary edema. The left apical opacity is also stable. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. An esophageal tube has been placed, with the side port seen below the gastroesophageal junction and the tip out of view. An endotracheal tube is present, ending approximately 7 cm above the carina.
Impression: 1. Endotracheal tube and esophageal tube in appropriate positions. 2. Mild interval improvement of bilateral lung aeration, but with severe pulmonary edema and possible pleural effusions. Left apical opacity, also unchanged from prior.assistant

Sample 1621 Report:
Impression: Improved aeration of the lungs, findings compatible with resolving right lower lung aspiration.assistant

Sample 1622 Report:
Findings: Allowing for differences in technique and projection, there has been little change in the appearance of the chest except for slight improved aeration in the left retrocardiac region.assistant

Sample 1623 Report:
Findings: Again demonstrated are calcified pleural plaques more pronounced within the right hemithorax, compatible with a prior history of asbestos exposure. Lung volumes are reduced. The heart size is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. There is moderate pulmonary edema which appears similar when compared to the prior exam. Patchy opacities in the lung bases appear slightly progressed in the right lung base, and may reflect areas of worsening atelectasis though infection is not excluded. Consolidation within the left upper lobe is chronic. Small bilateral pleural effusions are also noted. No pneumothorax is identified. Mildly displaced acute fracture of the left proximal humerus is re- demonstrated. Multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine are noted.
Impression: 1. Moderate pulmonary edema, similar compared to the prior exam with small bilateral pleural effusions. 2. Bibasilar airspace opacities, slightly worse on the right, and may reflect areas of worsening atelectasis but infection is not excluded. 3. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques, more extensive on the right, and compatible with prior history of asbestos exposure. 4. Re- demonstration of mildly displaced acute left proximal humeral fracture.assistant

Sample 1624 Report:
Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. Moderate pulmonary edema is not substantially changed compared to the prior exam. Calcified pleural plaques, more pronounced within the right hemithorax, are re- demonstrated, with continued bibasilar airspace opacification, worse in the right lung base. Overall, these findings appear similar compared to the prior exam. Small bilateral pleural effusions are noted, and there is persistent chronic consolidation of the left upper lobe. No pneumothorax is demonstrated.
Impression: No substantial interval change compared to the radiograph obtained approximately 3 hours earlier.assistant

Sample 1625 Report:
Findings: Interval intubation with tip of endotracheal tube terminating 3 cm above the carina. The left lung volumes are increased compared to the prior pre-intubation radiograph, and there is associated improved aeration at the lung bases. Otherwise, widespread pulmonary parenchymal and pleural abnormalities appear similar to the recent radiograph performed a few hours earlier. Note is also made of interval placement of nasogastric tube, terminating within the stomach.assistant

Sample 1626 Report:
Findings: There are diffuse bilateral alveolar opacities, with relative sparing of the upper lung fields, with obscuration of the right and left heart borders as well as the bilateral hemidiaphragm margins. A dense opacification is also seen in the left apex, without tracheal deviation or obscuration of the left spine border. There is also significant irregular pleural thickening in the right apex, possibly secondary to layering pleural effusion. Right basilar plueral calcifications are noted. Cardiac size cannot be assessed due to obscuration of the cardiac silhouette. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Layering pleural effusions are possible. No fractures are identified.
Impression: 1. Findings compatible with acute pulmonary edema with possible layering pleural effusions. Superimposed infectious/inflammatory process cannot be excluded. 2. Significant left apical density may represent a loculated pleural effusion versus a mass. Followup of this will be necessary after treatment.assistant

Sample 1627 Report:
Impression: Ongoing severe right lung consolidation, a combination of pneumonia and edema. Bilateral moderate effusions are likely. No significant change compared to most recent prior.assistant

Sample 1628 Report:
Findings: Frontal radiograph of the chest demonstrate upper limits of normal heart size. ETT ends 3 cm above the carina. Enteric tube passes below the diaphragm and out of the field of view. Clear lungs, no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary radiographic abnormality.assistant

Sample 1629 Report:
Findings: The lungs remain hyperinflated. There is subtle blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles were likely due to mild atelectasis rather than trace pleural effusions. No large pleural effusion is seen. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: Mild basilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1630 Report:
Findings: Patchy right base opacity is worrisome for pneumonia. More subtle left base opacity is seen which could be due to atelectasis although infectious process or aspiration not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting. No large pleural effusion is seen. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal. Mediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. Multiple old bilateral rib fractures/deformities are seen.
Impression: Patchy right base opacity worrisome for pneumonia. More subtle left base opacity could be due to atelectasis, although infection or aspiration not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.assistant

Sample 1631 Report:
Impression: Mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta are unchanged. The lungs are hyperinflated and grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left PICC tip is in the lower SVCassistant

Sample 1632 Report:
Findings: The right costophrenic angle is not included. There is streaky density at the left base most consistent with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal consolidation. The heart and mediastinal structures are unremarkable for technique and unchanged. A feeding tube is been inserted and terminates at the level of the diaphragm.
Impression: The inserted feeding tube is high, ending in the region of the gastroesophageal junction. No other significant changeassistant

Sample 1633 Report:
Findings: Interval extubation. Left subclavian central venous catheter terminates in the distal left brachiocephalic vein. Nasogastric tube terminates below the diaphragm. Heart size is normal. Bilateral multifocal areas of consolidation show a slight interval improvement, and likely represent improving multifocal pneumonia. Coexisting linear atelectasis is present in the left mid lung region.assistant

Sample 1634 Report:
Findings: Indwelling support and monitoring devices are unchanged in position, and cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance. Multifocal patchy opacities persist bilaterally, in keeping with provided history of multifocal pneumonia, likely co-existing with areas of linear atelectasis. As compared to most recent study, there has been improved aeration in the lung bases bilaterally, but a questionable focal area of worsening is present in the right upper lobe at the level of the intersection of the right first anterior and fourth posterior ribs, an area difficult to assess due to overlying external structures. Attention to this area on followup chest x-ray would be helpful following removal or re-positioning of such structures. Within the imaged portion of the upper abdomen, mild-to-moderate gastric distension has developed.assistant

Sample 1635 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. There is better aeration of the lungs bilaterally compared to prior study. There is some residual left basilar retrocardiac atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Impression: Improved aeration of the lungs bilaterally and mild residual retrocardiac atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1636 Report:
Findings: Indwelling support and monitoring devices remain in place, with note of coiling of nasogastric tube in the proximal stomach, with distal tip directed cephalad in the region of the gastroesophageal junction. Heart size remains normal. Multifocal bilateral airspace consolidation has partially cleared, particularly within the lower lobes. Residual opacities may be due to multifocal aspiration and/or developing infectious pneumonia. Coexisting pulmonary edema is also possible.assistant

Sample 1637 Report:
Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Streaky basilar densities, greater on the left than right, are most consistent with minor atelectasis. There is no evidence for free air.
Impression: No evidence for acute disease or free air.assistant

Sample 1638 Report:
Findings: Tip of endotracheal tube terminates 4.6 cm above the carina, and nasogastric tube is coiled in the proximal stomach. Heart size is normal. New asymmetrically distributed perihilar airspace opacities involving the right lung to a greater degree than the left may be due to clinically suspected aspiration event. Asymmetrical pulmonary edema is considered less likely.assistant

Sample 1639 Report:
Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly, but no evidence for pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1640 Report:
Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs: Tip of the endotracheal tube at the thoracic inlet is no less than 5 cm from the carina. Lung volumes are low. Vascular congestion in the left lung could be a transient phenomenon and should be reevaluated. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax or substantial pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1641 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lung volumes are low but the lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No pneumoperitoneum.
Impression: No pneumoperitoneum.assistant

Sample 1642 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Midline sternotomy wires and prosthetic cardiac valve are again noted. There is a left subclavian dialysis catheter with its tip in the low SVC in the region of the cavoatrial junction. Patient is rotated to the right limiting assessment. There is mild pulmonary edema noted with hilar engorgement. No large effusion is seen. Please note lateral view limited due to motion artifact. No large pneumothorax. The imaged osseous structures appear grossly intact.
Impression: Mild pulmonary edema. No definite signs of pneumonia though post diuresis chest radiograph may be obtained to further assess.assistant

Sample 1643 Report:
Findings: As compared to prior chest radiograph, left PICC line and right internal jugular vascular catheter have been removed. Lung volumes are decreased. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1644 Report:
Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. Midline sternotomy wires and left subclavian access dialysis catheter again noted. There is a new right IJ central venous catheter with its tip in the mid SVC. Rightward rotation limits assessment. Mild basal atelectasis. No large effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: Right IJ central venous catheter positioned appropriately.assistant

Sample 1645 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates unremarkable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.
Impression: No acute intra-intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1646 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1647 Report:
Findings: Again seen is a left chest tunneled hemodialysis/pheresis catheter. Multiple median sternotomy wires are re- demonstrated. The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are stable and within normal limits. The bilateral hila are unremarkable. There are low lung volumes. Linear opacities at the lung bases are consistent with atelectasis. There is a chronic interstitial pulmonary abnormality most conspicuous at the lung bases. There is no focal lung consolidation, however subtle superimposed infectious process is difficult to exclude given underlying lung abnormalities. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Impression: Low lung volumes and bibasilar atelectasis. No focal consolidation, however it is difficult to exclude underlying pneumonia given background interstitial abnormality and bibasilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1648 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The small left basal pneumothorax, seen at the level of the costophrenic sinus, is constant in appearance. Unchanged position of the left pigtail catheter. Minimal re-expansion edema on the left. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Unchanged alignment of the sternal wires. Unremarkable and unchanged appearance of the right lung.assistant

Sample 1649 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest. Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Mild interstitial abnormality is not accompanied by any ancillary findings of heart failure, but could be edema nevertheless. Lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Impression: Mild interstitial edema.assistant

Sample 1650 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided. Lungs are clear, though lung volumes are low. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Bony structures are intact.assistant

Sample 1651 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. Streaky left midlung opacity is most compatible with atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Free intraperitoneal air seen below the hemidiaphragms. Soft tissues and osseous structures are otherwise unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Free intraperitoneal air compatible with patient's history of peritoneal dialysis.assistant

Sample 1652 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. Left PICC is no longer visualized. The lungs are clear of focal consolidation or effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1653 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1654 Report:
Findings: A left hemodialysis catheter tip is within the right atrium, sternotomy wires are intact, and a prosthetic valve is again noted. Right IJ central line has been removed. The lungs are hypoinflated with crowding of vasculature and left lower lobe atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable mild cardiomegaly is noted. Mediastinal contour and hila are otherwise unremarkable. Limited assessment of the upper abdomen is within normal limits
Impression: 1. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 2. Hypoinflated lungs with retrocardiac atelectasis. No pulmonary edema or focal infiltrate.assistant

Sample 1655 Report:
Findings: Status post prior median sternotomy. The left hemodialysis catheter is unchanged, projecting over the right atrium. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. Unchanged linear atelectasis/ scarring in the left lower lung zone. The size of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
Impression: No significant interval change since the prior exam. Unchanged position of the hemodialysis catheter.assistant

Sample 1656 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The previous left pleural effusion has mostly resolved. Dialysis subclavian line remains in place. Median sternotomy wires are noted. No pneumothorax. Normal cardiac size.
Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Nearly completely resolved left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1657 Report:
Findings: Significant left pleural effusion has minimally decreased in size with a new Pleurx catheter projecting at the lung base. There is no pneumothorax. The remaining of the lungs and mediastinum are unremarkable. CONCLUSION: Slight improvement of the left large pleural effusion after Pleurx placement. There is no pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1658 Report:
Findings: Since prior exam, the patient is status post a left thoracentesis. The left pleural effusion has significantly decreased in size. A small pleural effusion persists. There is no evidence of a pneumothorax. Bibasilar atelectasis appears improved, though still present. There is no new consolidation or pulmonary edema. Fibrotic changes at the bases are stable. There is no right pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
Impression: Interval decrease in size of the left pleural effusion. No evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1659 Report:
Findings: A spiculated retrocardiac mass appears increased in size with a small left pleural effusion. Increased interstitial opacities in the right lung raise concern for lymphangitic carcinomatosis. Heart size appears grossly stable. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. Bony structures appear intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
Impression: Interval progression in size of left retrocardiac mass with increased right lung interstitial opacities concerning for lymphangitic carcinomatosis.assistant

Sample 1660 Report:
Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. Blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus and flattening of the hemidiaphragmatic contour suggest a small pleural effusion. Retrocardiac opacity is nonspecific. On the prior study, there was a known mass that may partly account for this appearance, but associated atelectasis or superimposed pneumonia are not excluded.
Impression: Stable appearance of the chest. Standard PA and lateral radiographs may be helpful in short-term follow-up if pulmonary symptoms are present and were to persist.assistant

Sample 1661 Report:
Findings: A portable frontal chest radiograph redemonstrates irregular aeration of the left lung, particularly the lingula and lower lobe, which is no worse than on prior radiograph. The right lung and cardiomediastinal silhouette are unchanged. There is a residual small left pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. No pneumothorax. 2. Irregular aeration of the left lung (particularly the lingula and left lower lobe) is no worse than before. 3. Residual small left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1662 Report:
Findings: Since the prior exam performed after the earlier thoracentesis, there appears to have been a slight increase in the residual left pleural effusion. It remains small in size. Again, some left basilar atelectasis persists. There are persistent fibrotic changes at the bases. No pneumothorax is identified. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
Impression: Very slight interval increase in the size of the small residual left pleural effusion. No evidence of pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1663 Report:
Impression: The left pleural catheter is unchanged with tip ending inferiorly and posteriorly. There is no pneumothorax. Stable left base opacity, likely due to a combination of atelectasis and small to moderate pleural effusion. Emphysema is unchanged. Right lung is clear. Heart is obscured by left lung base opacities.assistant

Sample 1664 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the opacity on the left as well as the small left pleural effusion have decreased. However, at decreasing lung volumes, the reticular opacities on the right have substantially increased. No larger pleural effusions. A small pleural effusion on the left is unchanged.assistant

Sample 1665 Report:
Findings: No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Hilar contours are stable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1666 Report:
Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Right pericardial fat pad. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema. No pneumonia, no pleural effusions. No chest wall abnormalities, notably on the left. The lateral image shows mild degenerative vertebral disease but no evidence of vertebral compression fractures.assistant

Sample 1667 Report:
Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1668 Report:
Findings: 2 views were obtained of the chest. The lungs are well expanded and clear. Retrocardiac density likely corresponds to a small hiatal hernia. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. Small hiatal hernia.assistant

Sample 1669 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Low lung volumes results in bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. No acute osseous abnormality is identified. There is no free air under the diaphragm.
Impression: No pneumonia, edema, or effusion.assistant

Sample 1670 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Lung volumes are low, but unchanged compared to the prior study. Heart is not enlarged and cardiomediastinal contour is stable. Bibasilar streaky opacities likely relate to pulmonary vascular crowding from low lung volumes. Retrocardiac opacity is similar to the prior examination. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Impression: Low lung volumes with accentuated bronchovascular markings. Overall unchanged compared to the prior examination without evidence of acute intrathoracic abnormality.assistant

Sample 1671 Report:
Findings: There are relatively low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings. However, given this, patchy left basilar opacity is seen and an infectious process is not excluded. There is mild elevation of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. Retrocardiac density, best seen on the lateral view, also seen on the prior study, may be due to a hiatal hernia. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top normal to mildly enlarged. The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.
Impression: Low lung volumes which accentuate the bronchovascular markings. Patchy opacity projecting over the lateral left lung base on the frontal view, not well substantiated on the lateral view, may be due to atelectasis versus infection.assistant

Sample 1672 Report:
Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Evidence of DISH is seen along the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1673 Report:
Impression: Right basal atelectasis has improved. A small subpulmonic right pleural effusion persists, elevating the right basal pleural surface anteriorly and laterally. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no left pleural abnormality. Heart size is normal. Neo esophagus is moderately distended with air, unchanged. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1674 Report:
Findings: Status post minimally invasive esophagectomy. Mediastinal and pleural drains in good position. The first side port of the NG tube is in the lower neo esophagus and tip in the upper abdomen. No pneumothorax. Peripheral opacity in the left lower lobe is likely small left-sided pleural effusion and bibasal atelectasis. Subcutaneous emphysema in the upper neck related to recent surgery.
Impression: First side port of the nasogastric tube in the lower neo esophagus. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1675 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no pneumomediastinum. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. There is no free intraperitoneal air.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1676 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change.
Impression: No change.assistant

Sample 1677 Report:
Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that extends well into the stomach beyond the lower margin of the image. Otherwise, little change.assistant

Sample 1678 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been intubated. The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 3 cm above the carina. There is no nasogastric tube. Left central venous access line is unchanged. Unchanged mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema and mild cardiomegaly.assistant

Sample 1679 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. The monitoring and support devices are constant. Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly. Mild bilateral pleural effusions. No focal parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia. No relevant fluid overload.assistant

Sample 1680 Report:
Findings: Chest PA and lateral radiograph demonstrates bilateral low lung volumes. Mediastinal and main pulmonary artery engorgement with dense air space opacification noted throughout both lungs as well as hazy pulmonary vasculature likely representing edema. Hear size is minimally enlarged. Retrocardiac opacity is likely atelectasis.
Impression: Diffuse bilateral opacities with hazy pulmonary vasculature likely represents pulmonary edema; however, concurrent pneumonia cannot be excluded. Recommend repeat conventional radiographs when feasible.assistant

Sample 1681 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contours are normal. Surgical clips are noted within the right chest.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1682 Report:
Impression: Heart size is top-normal. Mediastinum is unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Left linear opacity might potentially represent area of atelectasis but pulmonary nodule cannot be excluded. Repeated examination with emphasis on full inspiration is recommended. If finding persists, assessment with chest CT might be justified.assistant

Sample 1683 Report:
Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Degenerative changes of the bilateral acromioclavicular joints are noted. The visualized upper abdomen is relatively gasless.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1684 Report:
Findings: Study is somewhat limited by patient's body habitus. Heart size is top normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.assistant

Sample 1685 Report:
Findings: Lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.assistant

Sample 1686 Report:
Findings: Right-sided cardiac borders are obscured, but the heart is probably at the upper limits of normal size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable to the extent visible. Contours are partly obscured by opacification of the entire right lower lobe with volume loss and a pleural effusion. A round opacity projecting over the left lower lung suggests a nipple shadow. There is no net mediastinal shift. There is possibly a trace pleural effusion on the left, but not substantial. There is no pneumothorax.
Impression: 1. Opacification of the right lower lobe with mild volume loss and a pleural effusion, probably at least small-to-moderate in size, although difficult to quantify. 2. Probable nipple shadow projecting over the left lower chest. When clinically appropriate, confirmation with an additional PA view using nipple markers is suggested, however.assistant

Sample 1687 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1688 Report:
Findings: Thoracolumbar scoliosis is again seen. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax. Linear streaky left base retrocardiac opacity on the frontal view without clear correlate on the lateral view, most likely represents atelectasis. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1689 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are reviewed. Linear opacities in the right lower lobe represent atelectasis; otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Scoliosis of the thoracic spine is noted. There are no concerning osseous or soft tissue abnormalities.
Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1690 Report:
Impression: No evidence of acute or chronic TB.assistant

Sample 1691 Report:
Findings: There is a mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. The hila are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion or pulmonary edema. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is no evidence of a displaced rib fracture.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No displaced rib fracture identified.assistant

Sample 1692 Report:
Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
Impression: Normal chest radiograph.assistant

Sample 1693 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change. Right pectoral Port-A-Cath. No evidence of pulmonary edema. No focal parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1694 Report:
Findings: Portable semi-upright AP view of the chest was provided. There is a new left IJ central venous catheter with its tip extending into the left subclavian vein with the tip near the left axilla. Endotracheal tube and nasogastric tubes are in unchanged position. A Port-A-Cath is also unchanged.
Impression: Malpositioned left IJ central venous catheter tip in the left subclavian vein.assistant

Sample 1695 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest were acquired. The lungs are clear. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contours are normal. There are no pleural effusions. No pneumothorax is seen. Surgical hardware in the cervical region is incompletely assessed.
Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1696 Report:
Findings: Atelectasis is noted at the left lung base. In addition, indistinctness of the right heart border may be due to infection versus atelectasis. A better evaluation would be provided on a chest CT, which has already been ordered. A right-sided Port-A-Cath terminates in the mid-to-low SVC. Endotracheal tube terminates 3.8 cm above the carina. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Cardiac size is normal limits.
Impression: Left lower lobe atelectasis. Possible right middle lobe pneumonia. This will be better evaluated on patient's upcoming chest CT.assistant

Sample 1697 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased. The size of the cardiac silhouette is still at the upper range of normal. The radiographic evidence of mild pulmonary edema is still present but less severe than on the previous image. Minimal right pleural effusion, causing blunting of the right costophrenic angle. Minimal areas of atelectasis at the right and left lung bases. No pneumothorax.assistant

Sample 1698 Report:
Impression: Port-A-Cath catheter tip terminates at the level of mid SVC. The cough tube tip is in the stomach. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Left pleural effusion is noted. Pulmonary edema appears to be extensive, minimally decreased since the prior study.assistant

Sample 1699 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are slightly decreased. The cardiac silhouette is unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is stable since prior examination. There is likely mild left basilar atelectasis ; consolidation is not excluded. No definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. The left-sided Port-A-Cath with the tip terminating in the upper SVC is stable.
Impression: In the absence of a lateral view, left basilar consolidation is difficult to exclude. Correlation with symptoms is recommended.assistant

Sample 1700 Report:
Findings: AP upright and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates a left chest port, its tip which terminates within the superior vena cava superiorly, unchanged in position. Lungs are without a focal consolidation convincing for pneumonia. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable. Blunting of the left costophrenic angle may reflect combination of atelectasis and/or scarring. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No opacity convincing for pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1701 Report:
Impression: Enteric tube terminates within the stomach. Left-sided Port-A-Cath is unchanged in position. Left basal opacity is unchanged. No pneumothorax. Left retrocardiac opacity is unchanged. It might represent atelectasis with pleural effusion but infectious process in this location is a possibility.assistant

Sample 1702 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. Progressive, gradual increase in bilateral parenchymal opacities with air bronchograms, which may reflect edema, although concurrent pneumonia cannot be excluded. Retrocardiac opacity likely reflects combination of small persistent left pleural effusion and atelectasis, which is overall unchanged. No pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Left Port-A-Cath tip is unchanged. Enteric tube coiled enters into the left upper abdomen its tip is not seen.
Impression: New moderate edema. Persistent small left pleural effusion and atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1703 Report:
Findings: Left-sided Port-A-Cath distal tip is similar position as compared to prior studies. Enteric tube courses below the level the diaphragm, at terminating in the expected location of the stomach. Patchy left base opacity is re- demonstrated. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Impression: Patchy left base opacity may be chronic.assistant

Sample 1704 Report:
Findings: Left-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the upper SVC. Heart size is top normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Partially imaged within the left upper abdomen is a nephro ureteral stent.
Impression: Streaky opacities in the lung bases, likely atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1705 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are unchanged compared to the prior study with bibasal, layering pleural effusions. In addition, bile airspace opacities are noted, similar when compared to the prior study and likely reflecting pulmonary edema. A left-sided PICC terminates in the proximal SVC. A Dobhoff tube terminates in the distal stomach. No pneumothorax seen.
Impression: The Dobhoff tube terminates in the distal stomach.assistant

Sample 1706 Report:
Findings: When compared to yesterday's exam, there has been no significant interval change. Enlarged cardiac silhouette and persistent right pleural effusion are noted.assistant

Sample 1707 Report:
Impression: Moderate postoperative enlargement of cardiac silhouette is still present. Left lower lobe is largely atelectatic. Pleural effusion small on the left. No pneumothorax. Right lung clear. Right jugular line ends in the upper SVC.assistant

Sample 1708 Report:
Findings: Multiple intact sternal wires and mediastinal clips denoting recent CABG. A right IJ central venous catheter has been removed. There is no pneumothorax. A tiny left pleural effusion is unchanged. There is persistent moderate left lower lobe atelectasis.
Impression: Moderate left lower lobe atelectasis and a tiny left pleural effusion.assistant

Sample 1709 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips again noted. Lung volumes are low limiting assessment. Bilateral pleural effusions appear slightly increased from prior. There is associated lower lobe atelectasis. There is probable mild pulmonary edema. Heart size is unchanged. Mediastinal contour is stable. Bony structures are intact.
Impression: Findings concerning for pulmonary edema with bilateral pleural effusions appearing slightly increased from prior study.assistant

Sample 1710 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Right mid-to-lower lung scarring/atelectasis is again seen, and to a lesser extent left base atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. There are questionable subtle, faint nodular opacities seen projecting over the upper lungs without significant change since the prior study, see interval chest CTs for further evaluation. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. No displaced rib fracture is seen.
Impression: 1. No displaced rib fracture is seen, however, if clinical concern for rib fracture persists, suggest dedicated rib series, which is more sensitive. 2. Bibasilar linear atelectases/scarring. Otherwise, no significant interval change.assistant

Sample 1711 Report:
Findings: Lungs are well inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes are seen at the bilateral acromioclavicular joints.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1712 Report:
Findings: Mild right basilar atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. The aorta is tortuous.
Impression: No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1713 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Calcification of thoracic aorta is noted. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bibasilar opacities are seen on the frontal view, but there is no clear correlate on the lateral view. These bibasilar opacities likely represent atelectasis.
Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.assistant

Sample 1714 Report:
Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate unremarkable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours. Minimal retrocardiac opacification is likely atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is evident.
Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.assistant

Sample 1715 Report:
Impression: Lungs are clear. Heart is normal size probably exaggerated by mediastinal fat. No pleural abnormality. Solitary calcified granuloma left midlung unchanged. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy.assistant

Sample 1716 Report:
Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection, including tuberculosis, or cardiac decompensation. Chest CT scanning is considerably more sensitive in the detection of small pulmonary nodules, such as early metastases, than conventional chest radiographs.assistant

Sample 1717 Report:
Findings: Lung volumes are low. The heart size is mildly enlarged but unchanged. The aorta remains tortuous. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low level volumes.assistant

Sample 1718 Report:
Findings: Minimal right base atelectasis is seen. There is no focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. No pulmonary edema is seen. Degenerative changes are seen along the thoracic spine, although not well assessed.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1719 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable. The aorta is tortuous and there are calcifications at the aortic knob. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1720 Report:
Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change
Impression: No changeassistant

Sample 1721 Report:
Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Right pigtail catheter is in place. There is interval decrease in currently minimal right apical pneumothorax. Right basal opacity is unchanged. Heart size and mediastinum are stable in appearance. Narrowing of the distal trachea the reflects saber sheath trachea.assistant

Sample 1722 Report:
Impression: Multiple right-sided rib fractures are again visualized. There is a moderate right-sided effusion. And a small right pneumothorax there is also small left effusion compared to the study from the prior day, the effusions have slightly increasedassistant

Sample 1723 Report:
Impression: Tiny right apical pneumothorax dependent small pleural effusion have both decreased, right pigtail pleural drainage catheter still in place in the right lower hemi thorax. Hyperinflation and tracheal configuration reflect chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Heart size top-normal.assistant

Sample 1724 Report:
Findings: Since the prior exam, there is increase in the right apical pneumothorax, now moderate in size and without evidence of tension. There is increased right pleural effusion and right basal atelectasis. The previously noted right chest wall subcutaneous emphysema has resolved. Numerous right rib fractures are redemonstrated.
Impression: Increasing right effusion, increasing right pneumothorax. No evidence of tension. Numerous right rib fractures.assistant

Sample 1725 Report:
Findings: There is subcutaneous gas overlying the right chest wall. There is a small right apical pneumothorax identified. Multiple right-sided rib fractures are seen, specifically involving the posterior right seventh, eighth and potentially ninth ribs. Increased hazy opacity projecting over the right lung base could represent an effusion or hemothorax. The left lung is clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
Impression: Right rib fractures with subcutaneous gas and a small right apical pneumothorax. Right basilar opacity could represent an effusion or hemothorax.assistant

Sample 1726 Report:
Impression: There is again seen free air underneath the hemidiaphragms which has decreased since the previous study. Heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. There is some atelectasis at the lung bases. There is no pulmonary edema, focal consolidation, or pleural effusions. There are no pneumothoraces. There is subcutaneous emphysema within the right lateral chest inferiorly related to the prior pigtail catheter which has now been removed.assistant

Sample 1727 Report:
Impression: There is small bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left and a small right lateral pneumothorax there is a moderate amount of right-sided subcutaneous emphysema there is volume loss in the right lower lobes. Compared to the prior study the right-sided pneumothorax is slightly largerassistant

Sample 1728 Report:
Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of displaced right rib fractures and a right hema toe thorax. The extent of the fluid component of the MR toe thorax, however, has substantially increased. The soft tissue air collection on the right is constant in appearance. Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the left lung.assistant

Sample 1729 Report:
Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous examination. Known multiple rib fractures. Known soft tissue air collections on the right. The right lung apex Re confirms the presence of a millimetric pneumothorax without evidence of tension. The extent of the right pleural effusion has minimally increased. Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the left lung.assistant

Sample 1730 Report:
Impression: Substantial subcutaneous air collection is unchanged/minimally decreased. Right pleural effusion is substantial but layers out differently since the current study is obtained in upright position. There is suspicion for small pneumothorax. Multiple rib fractures are re- demonstrated.assistant

Sample 1731 Report:
Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.assistant

Sample 1732 Report:
Findings: Low lung volumes. No acute focal consolidation. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. No significant effusions or pneumothorax.
Impression: No acute focal consolidation.assistant

Sample 1733 Report:
Findings: Right central venous line is in stable position at the mid SVC, and the left PICC line ends near the cavoatrial junction. Gastric tube passes below the diaphragm and ends in the body of the stomach. Low lung volumes continue to be seen. Previous vascular congestion has improved, and the heart size and mediastinal contours are normal.
Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1734 Report:
Findings: The endotracheal tube is in the lower cervical region, approximately 10 cm above the carina, and should be pushed forward. Subsequent examination dictated previously demonstrates the endotracheal tube has been pushed forward to a good position. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.assistant

Sample 1735 Report:
Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated. The nasogastric tube, however, still remains in place. Also in place is the right internal jugular vein catheter. Unchanged low lung volumes with plate-like atelectasis at the right lung base and minimal retrocardiac atelectasis. No larger pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. No pneumonia.assistant

Sample 1736 Report:
Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position. Comparison is made with the next preceding portable AP single view chest examination obtained four hours earlier during the same day. The patient was now brought in upright position and a PA and lateral chest image could be obtained. Again, high positioned diaphragm probably related to abdominal process, obscured partially the heart shadow. Significant cardiac enlargement is unlikely. Unremarkable appearance of thoracic aorta without evidence of local contour abnormalities. Unchanged position of previously described PICC line terminating in lower third of SVC. The lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free from any significant fluid accumulation. Again, there are bilateral thin plate atelectasis related to the high positioned diaphragms, but acute infiltrates of pneumonic appearance cannot be identified. No pneumothorax is seen in the apical area.
Impression: No acute pneumonia in patient with history of fungemia in the presence of mesenteric ischemia.assistant

Sample 1737 Report:
Findings: Left basal opacification may represent effusion or atelectasis. Low lung volumes continue to be seen. ET tube is in appropriate position and unchanged. Right upper central venous line is unchanged in appropriate position, and a gastric tube traverses past the diaphragm and ends outside the view of the chest radiograph. The cardiac silhouette is unchanged, and no focal consolidation or pulmonary edema is seen.
Impression: Stable position of lines and support devices. Left basal opacifaction may represent atelectasis or effusion.assistant

Sample 1738 Report:
Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the endotracheal tube has been pushed forward so that the tip is in good position, approximately 2.5 cm above the carina. Otherwise, little change.assistant

Sample 1739 Report:
Findings: Ill-defined airspace opacity in the right lower lung on the frontal view may represent atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes or developing consolidation. There is no lobar consolidation. There are small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax, noting at the lung apices are obscured by patient's chin. There is no pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The descending aorta is tortuous. There is diffuse demineralization. Partially evaluated posterior spinal fusion hardware appears intact.
Impression: 1. Ill-defined right lower lung airspace opacity may represent atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes or developing consolidation. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions without pulmonary edema.assistant

Sample 1740 Report:
Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is increased opacification at the right lung base, concerning for pneumonia.
Impression: Right basilar opacity concerning for pneumonia.assistant

